#begin document
Linda wanted information on how to get an email account and other digital privileges for a new employee.  I have attached the form.  The form can also be found at I:\TempWork\Austin
Hi Austin,  As you may or may not know, we are going to take Carleton's annual report on giving--Elements--online. As such, the proofing and editing aspect of the donor recognition lists also is going to happen via the web. We need to have an email account set up that will be used only for requesting and tracking edits/changes. (This is different from the email account that we have for our external audience - elements@carleton.edu - which I believe forward to a couple of us.) This new account would not be forward; a limited number of people will have access. Here's a suggestion:  name: elementslists@carleton.edu pass: givingtocarleton  Would like to have this up and running in a week. Let me know the status.  Thanks,  Marin  Marin Amundson-Graham Associate Director of Stewardship Carleton College 507-222-7590 mamundso@carleton.edu
When Bruce left the college, Sue Traxler made arrangements for Bruce's email that do not fit well with existing provisioning policy and processing.  Now that Bruce's position termination has actually come through, I would like to normalize those arrangements so that other things (such as library access) are working correctly.
The patron database for III Millennium grows as faculty and staff who have left the college remain in the database, and thus have library borrowing privileges even though they no longer work here.  The same holds true for students who graduated in 2008 and 2009.
Please create an email resource address for the Info Desk at Sayles-Hill. My preference is infodesk@carleton.edu.    Recipients to start will be jburmesc, mamy, mholling, nponder. Any questions, please contact me.    Thank you,   Julia       Julia H. Burmesch  Director of Campus Services  Carleton College  507.222.5428  http://apps.carleton.edu/campus/services/
Please provide our TRIO Counselor Sarita Winterrowd-Lundin Datatel access on her computer in room #203 at TRIO, so she can access student transcripts and degree audits this year.
Matthew Christensen - Asst Coach Men's Basketball please contact: 507-663-0015
Lori Hatfield x5512 to confirm setup/password Needs to be forwarded to  BonAppetit account (lori.hatfield@cafebonappetit.com)
The document formally known as Elements is becoming Carleton's online Annual Report on Giving. As such the email we used for sending comments, suggestions, and corrections (elements@carleton.edu) is no longer appropriate.  Please set up an email account with the following address:  givingreport@carleton.edu  Please forward emails from this address to the following:  mamundso@carleton.edu sschulz@carleton.edu  Please let me know when this has been set up. I'd like to test it before we put it into our announcement postcard.  Thanks,  Marin  Marin Amundson-Graham Associate Director of Stewardship Carleton College 507-222-7590 mamundso@carleton.edu
1. a filter was created in the wellness account for sherri, natalee and maria to have emails forwareded to them from wellness. We also needed the emails to stay in the account. we had to add keep in mailbox to the filter.  Wellness Staff calenders are  now being shared witht he wellness account.
Emily needs access to Colleague, Onbase and Reason. Sara said to see if Tammy had received the necessary forms.
Russ told me to make this ticket for David Tillary. I have the Account Setup Form in my hand and will set it on David's desk behind RR land.   This acount is for : Stefanie Kelly. Mari Aylin is her supervisor.  Jim Pence
He's thinking this should be local for when he sends emails to faculty/staff/students on campus. presidential search@carleton.edu. He would like the email to come from this address instead of his. A persona should work too.  Should this be a resource or a forward and add the names of the people that will be reading the replies.
Stefanie Kelly was hired in development and starts today.  She was just entered into Colleague this morning and so isn't in the account list yet, but needs her account as soon as possible.  Please manually create the account for her.
In the frey on Wednesday, I didn't follow up to find the account setup code information. I haven't seen that stuff in months & didn't know where to look. (Is there a link on the sysnet page? .. I didn't have a chance to dig into it.)   Anyway, he needs an account setup code again.  He can be reached at x7107   (Sorry for making myself the client.. didn't know what to do with someone not yet provisioned.)
could you please set this up for me?
Gloria wants to know what the username/e-mail of new staff member John Mathews will be.  There's already a Joy Mathews in the directory who doesn't appear to have a carleton.edu e-mail.
Trying to set up a new staff member with an account.  Unable to change the password.  Whatever I set it to it's rejecting when she types it in to change the password.  I can't see anything wrong with how the account is set up.  Am I missing something?  Username is ksommers
Trying to set up another new employee account (snichols); when I change the password it fails to let her log in with it, but the incorrect login count does increment.
Nathaniel called yesterday to inquire about his account/email setup and password.
Lacy Dorman Needs Webcheckout Account
Hello,   I would like to request a Carleton E-mail for Vale Riggs and ask that it be set up to forward directly into his Bon Appétit E-mail address:     vale.riggs@cafebonappetit.com <mailto:vale.riggs@cafebonappetit.com>.     He is the new Sous Chef at LDC and can be reached at X 4422.    Thanks,   Katie McKenna | District Manager, Central Region | Bon Appétit    1701 American Blvd |Bloomington, MN 55425   Office 952-854-2050| Fax 952-854-5494|    Bon Appétit - Food Services For a Sustainable Future   Visit us on the web www.bamco.com | www.circleofresponsibility.com | www.eatlowcarbon.org
I'm getting more information on this and will pass this to the appropriate person.
Sean called in requesting access to Advance.
from email:  Katie McKenna asked me to contact you pertaining to a new employee here with Bon Appetit.  I need to get him an email address for Carleton as well as Bon Appetit; can you help me with this process?  My new supervisor is Mike Mokoff, please let me know if you need anything else from me.  Thank you for your assistance. 
She would like this done asap. I told Merilyn that you would start this at 11:00 am today and that she should log out of her student account at 11:00 am.  Catie can be reached at 5690.  If needed Merilyn Calcutt will be the contact person. This is a 2 year position. Current username is gardneca.
There  will be applicants that come into HR and search for jobs and other information on the internet.  
We would like to have a Zimbra Calendar to be utilized by everyone in Student Life so they can document their office events and others within student life can see the events.  Is this a possibility?  If so, how can this happen?
We would like to create a new email address for our office, one that we   would be able to use on our publications.  Could we have this name for our   office address:  50threunion@carleton.edu    Please advise on anything that we need to do to set up a new account.  Mary   Niebur will be monitoring the office email.    Thank you.  Mari        Mari T. Aylin  Director of 50th Reunion Programs  Carleton College  One North College Street  Northfield, MN  55057    507-222-4203  866-208-3889  maylin@carleton.edu
I'm keeping this open for one month. THen we will switch accounts.
Karl –   Hoping this is something that we do through you –    I have a new student worker, Molly Work, who needs to be set up with privileges in SFS, attached is her completed form.    Much thanks,   Kris     Kris Parker   Assistant Director     Student Financial Services   Carleton College   1 N College St   Northfield MN 55057     kparker@carleton.edu   507-222-4138   507-222-4269 FAX     P Please consider the environment before printing this email
Good Morning,   I have 2 new managers with Bon Appétit will need Carleton E-mail addresses - could you assist me?    Robyn Hellekson - X 5023  Robyn.hellekson@cafebonappetit.com<mailto:Robyn.hellekson@cafebonappetit.com>    Vale Riggs - X 4422  Vale.riggs@cafebonappetit.com<mailto:Vale.riggs@cafebonappetit.com>    If you have any questions give me a call - at X7593    Thanks,   Katie McKenna | District Manager, Central Region | Bon Appétit    1701 American Blvd |Bloomington, MN 55425   Office 952-854-2050| Fax 952-854-5494|    Bon Appétit - Food Services For a Sustainable Future   Visit us on the web www.bamco.com | www.circleofresponsibility.com | www.eatlowcarbon.org
We are looking to get log-ins for On Base, R+, and the I: StuWork Commons for the 7 fall Admissions fellows.  Thanks!  Maureen Kerns  Admissions Office  x 4190 ----- Forwarded Message ----- From: printmaster@carleton.edu To: mkerns@carleton.edu Sent: Thursday, September 16, 2010 8:49:00 AM Subject: Scan from a Xerox WorkCentre 4150  Please open the attached document. It was scanned and sent to you using a Xerox WorkCentre.   --
Elizabeth "Betsy" Lane-Getaz has accepted the temp NP position at The Wellness Center.  She has been to HR to fill out paperwork.  Can we get her set up with a Zimbra email account?  Sherri Regenscheid The Wellness Center x4080
I have a request to have an email set up to be used for scanning in pdf's from the copy machine.      Email Name Requested:  scanfolder@carleton.edu      People to have access to this would be:      Kathryn Beckers   Lynn Nichols   Erin Lewis (student worker)     If you need further information please feel free to give me a call at x4133.      Kathryn Beckers   Carleton College  Facilities Building  Maintenance Department  One North College  Northfield, MN 55057  Phone: 507-222-4133  Fax:   507-222-5464  kbeckers@carleton.edu       Kathryn Beckers   Carleton College  Facilities Building  Maintenance Department  One North College  Northfield, MN 55057  Phone: 507-222-4133  Fax:   507-222-5464  kbeckers@carleton.edu
Hello Austin,   I have a new manager that needs a Carleton E-mail address:  Gibson Price   Bon Appétit e-mail is Gibson.price@cafebonappetit.com   Thanks,   Katie McKenna | District Manager, Central Region | Bon Appétit   
Gibson Price, a bon appetit supervisor, needs a Carleton account so he can approve student work hours. His Bon Appetit e-mail is gibsonprice@bonappetit.com
Katie attempted to set up her e2campus account but did not receive the validation message.
She was Mary Becker and is now Mary Weed. Please change her email address.  Everything else has been changed through HR.
Hi. We have a new employee who needs to get set-up with e-mail.  Her name is Krista Larsen and she has just been added to the directory.  Is there anything else I need to do besides this e-mail notification?  Thanks.  Jon.  Jon Lee Office Manager Science Education Resource Center 5634
Melissa called asking for Advance to be installed on student workstation. However, Zenworks was causing trouble and wouldn't run Oracle installers. Since machine wasn't migrated, I went ahead and did a migration, which reinstalled Zenworks in the process. Advance is installed and works fine.
Elisabeth wrote (via Jane Hubbard): [quote]Thanks for the information.  It worked half-way.  I have to be in Boston on Monday but will be back in the office on Tuesday and will call the help desk then.  Essentially, I needed to have an initial password because I couldn't type in my password (15 digits) without the initial password.[/quote]
there is a new person starting in Stewardship [Tricia Cornell] - Les might have already informed you (from Julie Anderson and Sarah Forster)  Anyway, if you can't get your config working - let me know and I can help with setting up that account.  I would just need the preferred login from you so I stay in sync with your format.  Sounds like they would like to have this set up by Thursday.   
Need to create 9 accounts for Admissions.   ADM_READER1 ADM_READER2 ADM_READER3 ADM_READER4 ADM_READER5 ADM_READER6 ADM_READER7 ADM_READER8 ADM_READER9  These accounts need to be able to access OnBase, as well as read access into the file structure.  
his name is Nate Stephens
Catie called and requested for a new e-mail account that she will use for ALGO(?).  She wants access to the new account for the following people.  - herself (Catie Gardner)  - Nadine Sunderland  - (some other people) she said the complete list is not ready yet. 
Hi   Would you be able to set us a group e-mail account called "libraryacquisitions" as a single contact point for the following persons:  agrommes@carleton.edu vburgess@carleton.edu ktezla@carleton.edu  Please let us know if this is possible and, if so, when it is available for use.  Thanks so much,  Kristi Wermager
I created the account.  Login using your username and password. If it asks for a pin # its 1234 Call me back at 4692 if you have problems.
The provision code is needed for Robert Ekegren a Carleton e-mail address –  his Bon Appétit E-mail will be Robert.ekegren@cafebonappetit.com    
Linda called and requested a new employee account to be set up for a new employee who's going to be working from May-9th (Her name is Elizabeth Wurtzberger)  She also said the new account should be an administrative account, so it would be appreciative if someone can send her an administrative account application form.  I will assign this to Tammy first, as Kendra advised.  Many thanks, Jonathan 
I would like to request a new client login for Beth Wurtzberger.  Beth will be starting with Carleton on May 9, as our new Payroll Manager and introducing her to the resources on the Datatel Colleague site is a high priority!  Thank you! Linda
Authorization form for Beth Wurtzberger, start date May 9, 2011.   L.    ----- Forwarded Message ----- From: "beth wurtzberger" <beth.wurtzberger@comcast.net>   To: "Linda Thornton" <lthornto@carleton.edu>   Sent: Wednesday, April 27, 2011 3:49:03 PM   Subject: Re: Carleton - ITS Administrative Account Application Form       Linda,     This one includes the attachment.     Beth      ----- Original Message -----  From: "Linda Thornton" <lthornto@carleton.edu>   To: "beth wurtzberger" <beth.wurtzberger@comcast.net>   Sent: Wednesday, April 27, 2011 12:15:18 PM   Subject: Carleton - ITS Administrative Account Application Form    Beth,  I've attached the Carleton ITS Account Application Form for your signature, if you could sign and return to me, there is a pretty good chance they will have your account ready to go on May 9.    We are planning a lunch open house to welcome you Monday the 9th, so you'll have a chance to get to know the staff here as well as the Treasurer's Office and HR. After that you're scheduled for some time with HR to cover the forms and materials for new employee orientation.    Hope you are having a great week!   Linda   Linda H. Thornton  Comptroller  Carleton College  One North College Street  Northfield, MN 55057  Phone: (507) 222-4171 [attachment name=ITS-Wurtzberger.pdf]
She was not aware that her account would be deactivated this quick.  She needs to retrieve emails that pertain to her job here at carleton.  I have a cell phone number where she can be reached.  952 836 6840. 
This new employee address does not appear to be active... her start date is today 5/9/2011.  Forms were previously submitted - ticket open. L.   ----- Forwarded Message ----- From: "Mail Delivery System" <MAILER-DAEMON@mail.carleton.edu> To: lthornto@carleton.edu Sent: Monday, May 9, 2011 8:05:12 AM Subject: Undelivered Mail Returned to Sender  This is the mail system at host mail.carleton.edu.  I'm sorry to have to inform you that your message could not be delivered to one or more recipients. It's attached below.  For further assistance, please send mail to postmaster.  If you do so, please include this problem report. You can delete your own text from the attached returned message.                     The mail system  <ewurtzbe@carleton.edu>: host vienna.its.carleton.edu[137.22.194.51] said: 550     5.1.1 <ewurtzbe@carleton.edu>... No such address ewurtzbe@carleton.edu (in     reply to RCPT TO command) [attachment name=Undelivered Message.eml]
Hello,  I would like to request a Carleton e-mail for our new Catering Manager, Russ Sprandel.  His Bon Appetit E-mail will be:  russ.sprandel@cafebonappetit.com     I would like him to be added to the catering@carleton.edu as well.  Thanks,  Katie McKenna
Hello Rapid Response -     I sent over a new account request form today.  I was wondering how long that takes to get set up and if there was a possibility it would be completed today.      Thanks!   Kari     Kari Scheurer  Carleton College  Office of Residential Life  One North College Street  Northfield, MN  55057  Phone: 507-222-5465  Fax: 507-222-7473         Kari Scheurer  Carleton College  Office of Residential Life  One North College Street  Northfield, MN  55057  Phone: 507-222-5465  Fax: 507-222-7473
She's currently in the directory but no email.  She'll need her email accounts reactived.
Hi,  I have a new employee I need to get set up. He starts Monday (the 13th) and   his new employee form is attached.  I'm sorry I didn't send this sooner. I missed the fine print at the top of   the form asking for the form one week ahead of time. I hope this isn't   problematic -- please accept my apologies!  Mark Egge  ________________________ Mark N. Egge Director of Prospect Research x5443 [attachment name=Scan 001.pdf]
Rhemi Abrams-Fuller, a new admissions staff-member recently set up her account, but accidentally chose a username that did not correspond to her business card. She chose rabramsf but would like rfuller.
He's now working in Mailing Services.
setup advance account
Kari called regarding how three new members can get into their acounts. i gave her the guest login account username as passcode. 
Patrick Gordon, Tegra Straight,  Rose Rezaei 16 digit codes needed to start the provisioning.
---------- Forwarded message ---------- From: Charlene Hamblin <chamblin@carleton.edu> Date: Mon, Aug 1, 2011 at 11:42 AM Subject: ITS Email Account Form for Ben Chadwick To: Kendra Strode <kstrode@carleton.edu> Cc: "Fiona J. MacNeill" <fmacneil@carleton.edu>   Hi Kendra - Attached is an ITS Account form for Ben Chadwick; Ben started today,  Thank You! C.   -- Assistant to the Director of the Perlman Center for Learning and Teaching, Assistant to the Director of Summer Academic Programs, and Assistant to the Director of the Arts Carleton College One North College Street Northfield, MN  55057 chamblin@carleton.edu 507-222-4192 [attachment name=Scan 001.pdf]
Account access modifications. - Kendra Strode ITS Computing Support Specialist Carleton College 507.222.4074     ---------- Forwarded message ---------- From: <printmaster@carleton.edu> Date: Tue, Aug 2, 2011 at 2:23 PM Subject: Martin Olague To: kstrode@carleton.edu   Number of Images: 1 Attachment File Type: PDF  Device Name: SCOV014-X7132 Device Location: ICAF [attachment name=img-8021423-0001.pdf]
Hello,     The auditors are here once again through August 26th. They have been unable to login to the Network and OnBase with the passwords from their previous visit in June. Please reset the passwords and forward the login information to me so that they can have access tomorrow morning.     Thank you,     Kara Lloyd  Carleton College  Accounts Payable Manager  Business Office  507-222-5934  klloyd@carleton.edu
Hi,     I'm attaching an account application form for a new one-year Research Associate in IRA, Eric Cronin.  I'll let you know as soon as I have a confirmed start date, but it could be as early as August 18th.  (Kate Doria held this position last year.)     We don't need a PC to be set up for this staff member.     Thanks!  Jody [attachment name=Eric Cronin account application.pdf]
Hi,     1.       Evelyn Johnson is retiring on September 16.  Inara Makhmudova will be her 12 month temporary replacement.  So effective that date Inara will need Evelyn's computer.  She will also need access to all of the files on Evie's I drive and have access to the Registrar's shared drives.  2.      To complicate that matter though... Inara is going to start on August 22 because Cindy Plash will be leaving our office as of August 26. Inara will need to use Cindy's computer until she takes over Evie's on September 16.  We hope to have a temporary person in Cindy's position on September 12.  3.      My (Ann's) computer screen has been a bit flaky.  Would it be possible to get my new one before I get my new computer?  4.      Even though Cindy Plash is starting her new position on August 29, she will come back to our office that morning to do the last NSC transmission.  So after Monday August 29, she should no longer have Colleague, Advance or On-Base privileges, as well as her access to the Registrar's shared drive.    5.      We'll need to get Inara set up with Email, Colleague, Advance and On-base.  She worked for us as a student worker for a couple of years so she is familiar with all of that.  Thanks!  ann     Ann May  Office of the Registrar  One North College Street  Northfield, MN  55057  507-222-4289  507-222-5419 (fax)
colleague account needed. A signed admin. request form is in my office.
Will need a colleague account.  UI-mimic Cherry Danielson including Safari access
mimic Jim Bergerson
Hello,  Attached is the Administrative Account Application Form for Fred Gaggioli. He needs the same permissions as I have. Please let me know if you need any further information.    Thanks,    Locke Perkins  Mail Services Supervisor  Carleton College  Mail Services (507)222-4187  Post Office (507)222-4173  No trees were harmed in the sending of this message, however a large number of electrons were terribly inconvenienced. [attachment name=Administrative Account Application- Gaggioli.pdf]
Please process the attached form for the new employee.   Beth Wurtzberger | Payroll Manager | Carleton College | 507-222-4176 |   bwurtzberger@carleton.edu [attachment name=Scan 001.pdf]
Error message on loaner laptop when she tries to log in: There are currently no logon services available to service the login request. (okay button). 
Sam Twito, a rec center personal trainer will be updating the Carleton Rec Center website. He requested a Carleton Net ID so he could do this. He also requested access to the Carleton wireless network so he can do this work from his laptop.
Varsha,     I will pass it on to Tammy Wellentin for her part in the process. In the future, you can email it directly to HelpDesk@carleton.edu. I am forwarding to Helpdesk now to create a ticket for the request.     --  Michael     From: Varsha Seetharam [mailto:vseethar@carleton.edu]   Sent: Monday, September 12, 2011 2:31 PM To: 'Michael Decker' Subject: New Intern Email Account     Hi Michael,     We have a new intern starting on 9/19/11, and HR asked me to send ITS the attached form. I wasn't sure who to send it to, so if not you, please forward to the right person.     Claire graduated this past summer, so her student account is no longer active. If it's easier to just reopen that account, that's fine with us.     Please let me know if any questions.     Thank you!  Varsha     From: printmaster@carleton.edu [mailto:printmaster@carleton.edu]   Sent: Monday, September 12, 2011 2:27 PM To: varsha Subject: Scan from a Canon iR-ADV C5051 [attachment name=0291_001.pdf]
Hi,  Attached is a new employee account request.  If you could start this I would appreciate it.  I will send the hard copy via company mail.  Thank you.  Lynn  ----- Forwarded Message ----- From: printmaster@carleton.edu To: lnichols@carleton.edu Sent: Wednesday, September 14, 2011 8:22:24 AM Subject: Scan from a Xerox WorkCentre 7132  Number of Images: 1 Attachment File Type: PDF  Device Name: SHOP318-X7132 Device Location: FACL [attachment name=img-9140822-0001.pdf]
David needs accounts set up for 3 1-year staff appointments. They are:   Tom Brown  Amanda Brehn Anne/Annie Reid   They arrive tomorrow, 9/14
Please set up accounts for Jacqueline Swenson, who started today.  HR entered her information today.
He's a Catering Manager of Dining Services and has not received password for Carleton website / the hub.
Sara wrote: [quote]Could you please add spilon to the list of users who have access to colleague items on the wiki?  This is not urgent.[/quote]
A 16 digit code will be given once Claire finishes up with HR. I will send you the 16 digit number as soon as it appears.
Linda wrote: [quote]Joan Behr will be starting her long-term temp position with us this Thursday, September 29.  Emily, is there anything she needs to do in your office?  Les, would you please make sure her email account is reactivated? Also let me know if there is anything else you need taken care of on this front.[/quote]
This ticket is for creation of Don's Advance account. There is a separate ticket that Les has for creation of the Network ID account and provisioning of it.  Once the account is created, pass account information via this ticket to Gayle.  Don's Network ID is: dhasseltine
Patrick needs an account setup for Blackbaud/Researcher's Edge. I believe this was managed by Julie McFadden.  ------------------------   -----Original Message----- From: Patrick T. Thompson [mailto:ptthompson@carleton.edu]  Sent: Tuesday, October 11, 2011 4:35 PM To: Michael Decker Subject: Blackbaud Login  Hi Michael,  I spoke with Mark today and confirmed that we are each supposed to have our own login and password for using Blackbaud. Granted, the login and password he is currently using is old (associated with a staff member who no longer works here).  Also he has used Blackbaud as recently as last week.   It would be nice to be able to use this program in the near future, but it is certainly not a major fire.   Thanks, Pat
She started yesterday.  Her netid account should be created today.
We have a new employee who will start on November 7th, Dawn Fadden, Nurse Practitioner in SHAC.  Dawn has already completed paperwork at HR in order to get her into the Carleton system.  I know that it is not common practice for ITS to set a new employee up with a Carleton username and password before their first day, but because SHAC has many systems that require an email account (such as Medicat, our electronic health record), I would appreciate if Dawn could be put into the system in advance of her start date.   Thanks for your assistance,  Marit
Hi,  Attached is a new employee account request for Eric Bradley (new custodian).  If this could be done as soon as possible since it is payroll close this week and we would like him to be able to enter his time into the Hub.  If you can let me know when it is ready I will work with him on email and the Hub etc.  Thank you so much.  Lynn Nichols Custodial Services x5834  From: printmaster@carleton.edu To: "Lynn" <lnichols@carleton.edu> Sent: Wednesday, November 16, 2011 7:59:00 AM Subject: Scan from a Canon iR-ADV C5051 [attachment name=0136_001.pdf]
Mikki would like Thad Caron, a contract employee at the Rec Center, to have a Carleton NetID and Zimbra account.
I will retrieve Karyn's 16 digit code to start the provisioning.
Please see attached form for Brian Nordland, new staff member in the Maintenance Department.   Barb Tousignant  Carleton College  Facilities Department  One North College St.  Northfield, MN 55057  Phone: 507-222-4101    From: printmaster@carleton.edu To: "Barb" <btousign@carleton.edu> Sent: Monday, January 2, 2012 10:12:01 AM Subject: Scan from a Canon iR-ADV C5051 [attachment name=0508_001.pdf]
We have two new people starting this month (maintenance manager & supervisor) and I would like to get ITS accounts assigned to them so I can start scheduling meetings, order business cards, etc.? The are:   Mitch Miller (Maintenance manager) starting Jan. 16 Mike Houfer (Maintenance supervisor) starting Jan. 30 
Kerstin requested that we immediately sever electronic access to a newly-terminated employee:  Karen Lawson (klawson)  I have scrambled the AD and Zimbra passwords and disabled both accounts. Passing to Les for further review.
Michael graduated in the summer of 2011 and his account was converted to an alumni account (hanthom_2011). He has since been rehired as an admissions reader and (because he's being paid) now has a staff account 'mhantho'. He wanted to log into theHub to fetch some transcript data from his time as a student, and couldn't do so. When he went through the password recovery process for his alumni account, he ran into an odd error.
Her name is now Gillen.  
I have a new hire for SAP.  Her name is Katie Yunker, and I need to get accounts set up for her.  She will also need to have access to some of our proxy accounts.       Thanks,    Jeremy     Jeremy Updike Director, Summer Academic Programs  Director, Summer Teaching Institute   Carleton College One North College Street Northfield, MN 55057     Website:   <http://www.carleton.edu/summer> www.carleton.edu/summer Office:     507-222-4098 Fax:         507-222-4540
Karyn is  an intern at the Rec Center and is staying on longer than anticipated. She will need her account reactived.  Mikkie Showers would be the contact person.
From [url=https://helpdesk.carleton.edu/helpdesk/WebObjects/Helpdesk.woa/wa/ticket?ticketId=30151]ticket 30151[/url]: [quote]Hello,  I would like to request a PC desktop for a new employee who will be starting in the Alumni Annual Fund on Monday, May 14, 2012.  The new employee is Nicole Schroeder.      The desktop applications should include Onbase, Adobe Acrobat Pro, and Outlook. If possible, could the computer be delivered and set up on Friday, May 11.  I will also need access to her account beforehand so that I can set up her email, account, and calendar.  This access will be needed in advance of her arrival on May 14. If possible, could the username and password be available and sent to me on Tuesday, May 8.    If there are any questions, please contact me at x4160.    Thank you, Jen[/quote]
hello,  sadly, this year's outstanding educational associate in cams, alexander cooney, has just had his last day. i don't believe he has any electronics assigned to him, other than the designated fifth-year imac in 139 weitz which, as fiona macneill and i have discussed, next year's fifth year will continue to use, but will you let me know if there are any electronics still in his name?  will you also turn off his staff access to e-mail, net ID and other data systems? i've expired his onecard access assignments that i control in cbord, as well as expired his group memberships and removed him as an operator from our cams webcheckout checkout center, although it appears his directory status has yet to roll from staff to alumnus.  all best, pdb   Paul Bernhardt Technical Director, Cinema and Media Studies Video and Audio Technical Director, Weitz Center for Creativity Carleton College One North College Street Northfield, Minnesota 55057 pbernhardt@carleton.edu 507 222-5698 http://apps.carleton.edu/curricular/cams/productionoffice/
Ann is no longer employed, and her accounts are being migrated to alumni status with the name iijimaa_1972.
Rich is no longer employed at the college.
Linda called about a new staff member, Adam Webster, who is setting up his account. After entering his 16 digit code, he was directed to contact ITS because his standard account name has already been taken.
New staff member Katherine Jones needs her account to be set up. She's checked with HR, and she's completed the process, but she needs us to activate her account. Her colleague ID is 1935016.
She works for Bonappetit and would like to have a zimbra account.
Hi!  I need to request that Sarah King (likely <sking>) be set up with claim codes for IT/email access. She just met with HR this morning, but we're trying to get her set-up as quickly as possible so she can start seeing clients, so anything that can be done to expedite things would be greatly appreciated.  Please let me know if I can answer any questions, and many thanks for your help! Best, David 
Hello,  Erin Updike will be joining Alumni Relations in Bird House on October 1 (next Monday). I would like to initiate IT setup, including a computer.  Sarah  Sarah Forster '93 Director of Alumni Relations Carleton College 507-222-4206 sforster@carleton.edu
Please set up a Carleton e-mail account for Chris Kosiba, Assistant Women's Basketball Coach.    Thank you!  Linda  --   Linda Luedke, Admin. Asst.  Carleton College Athletic Office   1 N College St  Northfield, MN 55057  Tel: 507.222.4052  Fax: 507.222.5550  Go Knights!
From: "Kerstin M. Cárdenas" <kcardena@carleton.edu> To: "Les LaCroix" <llacroix@carleton.edu> Sent: Wednesday, October 10, 2012 4:46:19 PM Subject: New employee email  Les,   Can you please create an email account for Melanie Ulrich?  She is our new employee in HR and will start on 10/15.   Her record has been created in Colleague.  Please let me know if you need additional information.   Sincerely, Kerstin
We have hired Jay Stadler as the new Grounds Manager. He will begin Monday, Oct. 22. Please set up an account for Jay prior to his start date. Thank you.
Tanya Connor is a new staff member and needs a username.
Hello,     I have a new employee, Jennifer Paulson, starting on 12/4/12. I would like to arrange her computer and login information. She will need the same access as Melissa Smith who has access to Datatel,& OnBase the Collab-BUSI folder & SSRS Reports. Is there a form that I need to complete to get this going? Please let me know what I need to do to set-up computer access for Jennifer before 12/4/12.     Thank you,     Best,     Kara Lloyd  Carleton College  Accounts Payable Manager  (507) 222-5934  klloyd@carleton.edu
Mike works in dining services and needs an email address generated for him.
This will receive and send emails from carleton and noncarleton addresses.
I am writing to request IT account access for a new employee Trenne Fields (1944247). She will be the new physics department administrative assistant and starts on Wed, 2/6. I have just created her record in Colleague. Please copy the same access and rights as Mary Drew. This includes access to Reason and the physics department website.     Trenne does not need a new computer as Mary will be leaving her computer in the department. Please let me know if you have any questions.     Regards,    Emily    Emily H. Luhman  Human Resources Generalist  Carleton College  Human Resources  One North College Street  Northfield, MN 55057  T: 507-222-7629  F: (507) 222-7788   Privacy Notice: This email message, including any attachment, is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain business confidential and privileged information. Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure or distribution is prohibited. If this email was not intended for you, please notify the sender by reply email that you received this in error. Destroy all copies of the original message and attachments.
Eileen needed her account provisioning code, and will need to have her email forwarded to a Cafe Bon Apetit email address.
Please set up Kim Betz's (kbetz) account so that I can enter her as a user in colleague.     Barb  --  Barbara Fowler Assistant Comptroller, Business Office Carleton College One North College Street Northfield, MN 55057 ph. 507-222-4169  fax. 507-222-7758 bfowler@carleton.edu
Carla was out for awhile and others were using her laptop.  Carla is returning Monday. Could we have her bitlocker key reset and also the .\admin account reset as well. Linda would like to have someone stop in on Monday between 10:30 and noon. 
Can we create a new ldap user called bwfuser and have them appear to be a staff person where they have no class year?  More than likely they will be done with what they need to do by 4/30/2013.  If they need to have it longer than that can we modify that stop date?  If that is not going to be possible she thought to give it a 6/30/2013 stop date should be plenty.
Please get Katie Yunker, Administrative Assistant for Alumni Relations access to OnBase.  She also needs this installed on her Computer in Hoppin House 206.
Jennifer Foth will be joining the Development Staff on Tuesday, May 7.  Please initiate the account activation process, and order her computer, a laptop computer.  Accounts and laptop can be similar to those completedfor Todd Orjala.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Sue  Sue Streefland Administrative Assistant to the Director of Development Carleton College One North College Street Northfield, MN 55057 507-222-4335 sstreefl@carleton.edu
Andrea called about setting up a Zimbra address (with directory-only access?) for Dharani Senguttuvan, a new intern in the human resources department. Dharani may possibly need Colleague access as well, but Andrea wasn't sure and said she would get back to us.
Seth Goodspeed is the new Assistant Director of Alumni Annual Fund.
She is a temp nurse for Student Health.  She has been for about 1.5 years.  She fills in when other staff members are away on vacation.   Her account is currently closed. Can this account be reactived.  She is working today.
Ryan is starting working for Carleton on July 1st. However, he would like access to his email account before this. He spoke to someone in HR about this possibility and they said it was feasible.  The client on this is Guy Kalland because it couldn't be Ryan, since he his account isn't currently set up.
Kelly would like to have a shared calender created so that appointments can be added for the auxiliary staff in the business office.
Melissa Muhlenkort has been hired as the Administrative Assistant in Development (DEVO) with a start date of Monday, June 17th.
Jessica Brooks a 2009 Alum Account access, etc need to mirror Seth Goodspeed Title: Assistant Director of AAFO Start Date: Thursday, June 20th
Russ, here is some basic information I'm sorry we are in the Reunion   whirlwind right now. I will copy helpdesk on this message. Could anything else wait until Monday?  Sarah  Name: Emily McAdam Title: Associate Director of Alumni Relations Department: Alumni Relations/External Relations Supervisor: Sarah Forster Start Date: July 1, 2013 Account setup to mimic: Naja Shabazz, Stefanie Herrick Have they ever been associate to Carleton before, or have they ever had a   user account with us? If so, in what way? Yes, Emily is an alumna ('08) and   worked as Alumni Relations Fellow from 08-10. Desired PC: Desktop vs Laptop? Desktop for now Applications needed? OnBase, Advance, Colleague, Outlook Setup, other   applications needed? Adobe pro, not sure of anything else. Printers needed: You can map my printers - Division street and Bird House  -----Original Message----- From: Russell Bauer [mailto:rbauer@carleton.edu] Sent: Tuesday, June 18, 2013 10:38 AM To: Kimberly Barnes Cc: Erin Updike; Sarah J. Forster Subject: Re: New AAF Employee  Excellent  ----- Original Message ----- From: "Kimberly Barnes" <kbarnes@carleton.edu> To: "Russell Bauer" <rbauer@carleton.edu> Cc: "Erin Updike" <eupdike@carleton.edu>, "Sarah J. Forster"   <sforster@carleton.edu> Sent: Tuesday, June 18, 2013 10:29:34 AM Subject: Re: New AAF Employee  Hi Russ. Sarah Forster is taking care of Emily. She will get back to you   shortly. Thanks!  Kim  ----- Original Message ----- From: "Russell Bauer" <rbauer@carleton.edu> To: "Kimberly Barnes" <kbarnes@carleton.edu> Cc: "Erin Updike" <eupdike@carleton.edu> Sent: Tuesday, June 18, 2013 10:25:03 AM Subject: Re: New AAF Employee  Hi Kim, I have not received information about Emily's hire. I'm assuming you're not   the person to talk about Emily's hire, as she's Alumni Relations (ALUM).   Should it be Erin that contacts us about this? We should get the ball   rolling though, as we'd like as much advance notice as possible with these   hires.  When a new hire occurs, the Admin Assistant of the department which the hire   falls within should send an email to helpdesk@carleton.edu including answers   to the following: Name: Title: Department: Supervisor: Start Date: Account setup to mimic: Have they ever been associate to Carleton before, or have they ever had a   user account with us? If so, in what way? Desired PC: Desktop vs Laptop? Applications needed? OnBase, Advance, Colleague, Outlook Setup, other   applications needed? Printers needed:   From this we should be able to get a good start on new hires without getting   back to you before starting next steps, as the process of you sending an   email to helpdesk@carleton.edu automatically creates a support ticket that   can then be processes by those needing to do the various tasks as part of   the ticket.  I'm copying Erin on this message so she also has the heads up, as she'll   probably need this for Emily. Let me know if you have any questions or   concerns about this. Thank you,  - Russ  Russ Bauer Computing Support Specialist  Carleton College Information Technology Services One North College Street Northfield, MN 55057 Phone: (507)222-4281 (w) Email: rbauer@carleton.edu  ----- Original Message ----- From: "Kimberly Barnes" <kbarnes@carleton.edu> To: "Russ Bauer" <rbauer@carleton.edu> Sent: Monday, June 17, 2013 3:02:33 PM Subject: Fwd: New AAF Employee  Hi Russ. Am I supposed to fill out an IT request for this? Thanks!  ----- Forwarded Message ----- From: "Kimberly Barnes" <kbarnes@carleton.edu> To: "Russ Bauer" <rbauer@carleton.edu> Sent: Thursday, June 13, 2013 4:28:31 PM Subject: New AAF Employee  Hi Russ. We will have a new employee starting on Thursday, June 20. She will   be sitting in Katie Jumbe's old office (Katie's computer is still there).  We would like her IT set-up to mirror Becky Zrimsek's. Please let me know if   you have any questions. Thanks!  Kim  FYI: ARO has a new employee starting on July 1, Emily Muirhead. Have they   given you any information on that yet? Thanks.  --  Kim Barnes Office Manager and Assistant to the Director of the Annual Fund Carleton College One North College Street Northfield, MN 55057 507/222.4160 kbarnes@carleton.edu
Hello,  My name recently changed and I am wondering what needs to be done regarding my login name and email address. I have talked to HR and they are taking care of their end of things. Presumably my account name and email address should change. What procedures do you need me to take care of?    My new name will be : Tonya Marie Kjerland    Thanks,  Tonya   --   Geoscience Education and Evaluation Specialist   Science Education Resource Center   serc.carleton.edu Carleton College   507.222.4368
ITS has been informed that a [b]Nick Stuart[/b] will arrive on 7/15/13 for ADMS. Please start the preparation of the account for the new staff member.
ITS has been informed that a [b]Leila Keita[/b] will arrive on [b]7/29/1[/b]3. Please start the preparation of the account for the new person.
[b]Kelson Bain[/b] is taking a 6 month position for ITS. He will be meeting with HR this morning.
Please set up new account for Matt Lundberg by August 1st start date.
As a staff member, if only temporary, I would appreciate my account being changed to help distinguish status for when I meet with students and fac/staff.  
We have a new hire that will start on September 5 , her name is Abby Trout, we would like to have the provisioning code available on or before the 5th so that we can get her started right away with computer access.
Hi Russ,  Cheri Stanford will begin next week Monday, August 19 as our new Associate Director of Stewardship.  She will overlap with Laura Weber for two weeks, so a computer isn’t essential at this time, but I would like you to begin the process of getting her accounts set up.  As soon as I learn her preference for type of computer, I’ll be back in touch.  Thanks.  Sue Streefland Assistant to the Director of Development Carleton College One North College Street Northfield, MN 55057 (507) 222-4335 sstreefl@carleton.edu
We've received word from Laura in CCCE, and confirmation with HR, that Kelsey Klug will be starting as AmeriCorps Promise Fellow in CCCE, co-employed by Carleton and the Northfield Middle School.  Please keep her accounts active, and set up new access as appropriate.
The Carleton College Business Office will have a new employee, Wanita Parker start with us on Monday, September 9, 2013.     HR is completing her new employee set-up.  We do not want to change out the PC at this location but will need to address the following technology access issues:  Wanita should have the same Ellucian Colleague access as Emma Purfeerst (Emma was our Business Office Adminisstrative Assistant Summer Intern, Emma inherited her Colleague access profile from Jackie Swenson who was the Business Office Administrative Assistant but moved to the Registrar's Office in July).  Wanita will need access to I:\Departments\BUSO  Wanita will need the Panini configured to recognize her machine profile.  The Panini supports our remote deposit capabilities with Wells Fargo.  Wanita will need to be configured to print to all of the printers in the Business Office including the AP Printer which includes signture technology.  We have only four days for Wanita to cross-train with Emma.  Our new employee transitions have been challenging in the past and we hope the information provided will assist with a smooth transition of technology from one person to another at this busy time of the year.  Thank you for your support, please contact me if you have concerns or need additional information. Sincerely, Linda
I've been divorced and need to change my account/email from kberger to   kmcgrady. This summer Russ mentioned that he thought he knew the most   efficient way to do this.  Thanks, Kayla
From: "Kristy Sybilrud" <ksybilrud@carleton.edu> To: "Joy Kluttz" <jkluttz@carleton.edu> Cc: "Les LaCroix" <llacroix@carleton.edu> Sent: Friday, August 30, 2013 9:24:11 AM Subject: Completed report for HODGES, MICHAEL  Hi Joy,  Michael Hodges background check is acceptable and complete. He is set up in Colleague, so ITS should be setting up his email access. Other ITS access requests will need to come from your office. I've copied Les LaCroix on this message, he manages new email account set up.  Kristy   Kristy Sybilrud Human Resources Generalist Carleton College | One North College Street Northfield, MN  55057 | Office: 507-222-7629
Sue Streefland sent me the following message: ------------ Noel and Russ,     Would you please inactivate any accounts you have for Laura Weber?  OneCard building access, Advance, OnBase, and Zimbra.  Her last day at Carleton was Wednesday, August 28.     Russ, we’ve already returned her computer, but if you could make sure it’s gone through all the proper channels and she has been removed from the inventory list, it would be appreciated.     Thanks.     Sue Streefland Assistant to the Director of Development Carleton College One North College Street Northfield, MN 55057 (507) 222-4335 sstreefl@carleton.edu
Linda Stadler will be doing some temp work for Barb Silk and she will need an active Carleton Net ID.
Hi Russ. We have finally hired the last of our AAF Staff. Woo hoo!  Kelly Rowan, Associate Director of the AAF, will start on October 28th. She will need a computer set up to mirror Becky Zrimsek. Please let me know if you need anything else at this time. Thanks!  Kim  --  Kim Barnes Office Manager and Assistant to the Director of the Annual Fund Carleton College One North College Street Northfield, MN 55057 507/222.4160 kbarnes@carleton.edu
Hi!  I just found out that earlier today we hired a new counselor at SHAC to keep up with demand, and that her first day is next Tuesday.  Marit Lysne is contacting HR to help get her in the system right now, and I need to request that she be set up with a claim code for IT/email access as soon as possible.  Her name is Erin Barnett, and since I'll be assisting her with the claim process, she'll chose <ebarnett> as userID.  We’re trying to get her expedited so she can have access to Medicat charting and scheduling (Medicat which requires users to have @carleton emails to access). Please let me know if I can answer any questions, and many MANY thanks for your help (and apologies for the ridiculously short notice)!  All the best, David
Hi Les,  A new employee in the Telecom Office - tclassen - was working through the account setup process when it failed.  It took the 16-digit code, allowed him to select his username (tclassen),  and then showed the progress bar. However it gave an error message indicating that it failed and referred him to us.  Any help much appreciated.  Kevin
Janice Doyle who has worked for Cafe Bon Apetit for 3 + years would like to have a Carleton Network ID and Zimbra account.  Can this be done?
Hi Russ, I haven’t received anything sent to nshabazz@carleton.edu (except for spam) for at least a couple of months. I think all volunteers and alumni have successfully made the switch to contacting other staff members. Could you please turn off the forwarding of that account (or direct me to the correct person to make that change)?  Thank you, Stefanie
Please set up an account for the new Chemical Hygiene Officer, Melanie Allen, so she can log onto her account the day she starts. She will be starting Monday, Dec. 2. Elisabeth Haase is currently working with Michael Decker on setting up Melanie's laptop.            Barb Tousignant  Carleton College  Facilities Department  One North College St.  Northfield, MN 55057  P. 507-222-4101  F. 507-222-5464
Keri Asp, a new hire in Trio who started employment on Monday, needs an account.  Keri can be contacted at: Office: x7989 Cell: 651-442-3047 Personal Email: kaasp7@gmail.com
We have a new staff member starting Friday as part of the Mellon Collaboration Grant. Natalie Berg-Wall who is head of Loan Services at St. Olaf will be assuming Head of Loan Services at Carleton as well. Can you please set her up with a Carleton email account?  Thanks!
From: "Kristy Sybilrud" <ksybilrud@carleton.edu> To: "Dee Menning" <dmenning@carleton.edu>, "Austin Robinson-Coolidge" <arobinso@carleton.edu>, "Les LaCroix" <llacroix@carleton.edu> Cc: "Andrea Zunkel" <azunkel@carleton.edu> Sent: Thursday, January 23, 2014 10:47:01 AM Subject: Fwd: Welcome to Carleton!  FYI - Charlotte has been added to Colleague as much as possible. Les, I think you should be able to do what you need to do to start her access. Below is a copy of the welcome email I send.    From: "Kristy Sybilrud" <ksybilrud@carleton.edu> To: "charlottewhited" <charlottewhited@gmail.com> Cc: "Mark J. Gleason" <mgleason@carleton.edu> Sent: Thursday, January 23, 2014 9:55:29 AM Subject: Welcome to Carleton!  Good Morning Charlotte,   Congratulations on your position as Administrative Assistant in the Office of Corporate and Foundation Relations.  ...
Natalie is a shared position between Carleton and St. Olaf libraries. Her account has gone through the claiming process, and now having been in production she and Nat Wilson are finding that not all access has been properly granted.
I need to request that temporary SHAC counselor Mary Clare Lindsley be set up with claim codes for IT/email access.  She met with HR yesterday-- if you could, please email me once her codes are attached to this ticket.  Also, please let me know her user ID (sorry, never clear on how it's set up with those who have two first names). Thanks! 
Jessica Brooks' (Alumni Annual Fund) last day at Carleton is Thursday, February 19. Please turn off her access to OnBase, Advance, Colleague and any other propriety sites she may have access to.   Thank you. Kim Barnes x4160
From: "Lynn Nichols" <lnichols@carleton.edu> To: "Les LaCroix" <llacroix@carleton.edu> Sent: Wednesday, February 26, 2014 3:30:16 PM Subject: Jason Toongsub  Hi Les,  Do you know why Jason Toongsub's last name shows up twice in the directory.  This then makes any auto form submissions that he does look like that as well.  Jason Toongsub Toongsub  Can his last name be listed only once?  Just curious.  Thanks.  Lynn
Tommy Bonner is Carleton's Vice President for External Relations and has a start date of Tuesday April 1st.  Gayle Bauer has relayed the message to me that Tommy's Network ID shall be: tbonner  A 16 digit account claiming code is needed by Monday, March 10th, but if possible to have before so Gayle can assemble her information for Tommy, it would be appreciated.
While working with Nat Wilson on something unrelated to the cthunem account, we discovered that it's still open and active. cthunem is deceased  I'm opening this ticket to: 1. Have Eric Hillemann confirm this account can be 'closed' 2. If OK with Eric, have Les LaCroix close the account. 
From: "Kristy Sybilrud" <ksybilrud@carleton.edu> To: "David Ames" <dames@carleton.edu>, "Tanmay Annachhatre" <annachht@carleton.edu> Cc: "Sophie McCusker" <smccusker@carleton.edu>, "Les LaCroix" <llacroix@carleton.edu> Sent: Tuesday, March 25, 2014 10:46:10 AM Subject: Re: Tanmay - access request  Hi David, Tanmay, and Les,   I have entered the extension ofTanmay's position in Colleague. I contacted Sophie in Payroll, she will let us know after she runs a report that she has successfully added Tanmay's hours for the previous pay period.  Les, if you would grant access back to services for Tanmay Annachachhatre as soon as possible that would be most helpful.   Thank you!  Kristy _________________________________ From: "David Ames" <dames@carleton.edu> To: "Sophie McCusker" <smccusker@carleton.edu>, "Andrea Kubinski" <akubinski@carleton.edu> Cc: "Kristy Sybilrud" <ksybilrud@carleton.edu> Sent: Tuesday, March 25, 2014 9:55:56 AM Subject: Tanmay  Hi all,   I’ve let Kristy know Tanmay’s new tentative end date will be May 30th.  When this is set up on the hub, please let Tanmay/me know so he can update his time.  In case you need approval via email, I approve 8 hours a day for Tanmay for 3/10-3/14 and 3/17-3/21, for a total of 80 hours.   I’m out of the office today but working from home, so please call my cell at 847-902-9414 if you need anything.   Thanks, David 
Barbara Brandt is no longer working for the College after the end of the day Friday, April 11th and accounts need to be deactivated with the exception of Zimbra. Carla would like Barbara's Zimbra to be active until May 20th with a forward to CZelada, deleting the local copy upon forwarding. Carla and Barbara will set up the auto-reply and activate it before Friday end of day.
Bryan Reed, start date 4/28.  New to Colleague but already in Advance (faculty spouse/partner), CS Gold (a OneCard Affiliate identity) and previously had login accounts to audit a class.
From: "Kristy Sybilrud" <ksybilrud@carleton.edu> To: "Les LaCroix" <llacroix@carleton.edu> Cc: "Becky Zrimsek" <rzrimsek@carleton.edu> Sent: Friday, March 28, 2014 4:49:46 PM Subject: Fwd: Welcome to Carleton!  Hi Les,  This person has been set up in Colleague so you can start their email and access to services.   Thank you! ... ________________________ From: "Eric Rohn" <rohneric@gmail.com> To: "Kristy Sybilrud" <ksybilrud@carleton.edu> Sent: Thursday, March 27, 2014 3:32:25 PM Subject: Re: Welcome to Carleton!  Thank you for the welcome Kristy!  I look forward to joining Carleton's staff.  I received and have submitted the background check information that was sent to me, so that should be complete.  And I will be sure to complete the required forms to begin employment!  Thanks again, and please let me know if there are additional questions or things that I need to provide.  Eric  _______________________ On Thu, Mar 27, 2014 at 3:05 PM, Kristy Sybilrud <ksybilrud@carleton.edu> wrote: Dear Eric,   Congratulations on your position as Assistant Director of the Alumni Annual Fund Office at Carleton College.  ... On behalf of Becky Zrimsek and Alumni Annual Fund team, I welcome you and look forward to your contributions to Carleton.  
We had a new custodian start Monday, June 2.  Can you please set up his IT account.  Employee name is Josh Machacek.  Thank you.    --  Lynn Nichols Carleton College Facilities Department One North College St. Northfield, MN 55057 Phone: 507-222-5834 Fax: 507-222-5464 lnichols@carleton.edu
Hi,  We have a new custodian starting Monday, June 9.  Can you please set up his IT account.  Employee name is Brian Kopak.  Thank you.    --  Lynn Nichols Carleton College Facilities Department One North College St. Northfield, MN 55057 Phone: 507-222-5834 Fax: 507-222-5464 lnichols@carleton.edu
"Hello, 	A new employee, Cailin Orr, is starting work as the Assistant Director at SERC on Monday June 16 and will need a Carleton account with email and access to Collab that matches the access that Ellen Iverson and I have.  thanks, Sean Fox  sfox@carleton.edu | Technical Director | SERC - Carleton College"
Sarah Forster has requested that Kimberly be added as admin to the alumni-office@ email account.
Today is Rob Herrick’s last at Carleton.  As such, HR procedure recommends   this message authorizing you to turn off staff access to email and all other   data systems (e.g., Advance, OnBase, etc.). Please let me know if there are   questions about this request.    Gayle Bauer  (x4199)
Hi,  We have a new custodian, Heather Larson, who started today.  Can we get her account set up?  Thank you.  Lynn  --  Lynn Nichols Carleton College Facilities Department One North College St. Northfield, MN 55057 Phone: 507-222-5834 Fax: 507-222-5464 lnichols@carleton.edu
Laura is the new GSC director, starting Monday, August 18. I need her to have access to some collab folders. All folders associated with the GSC, and specifically the committee labeled sexual misconduct prevention and response. Thank you.  Julie A. Thornton Carleton College Associate Dean of Students Title IX Coordinator   Sent from my phone
A new staff member will begin work on Monday, August 25th in the library.  Could you please create a user ID for her and grant her access to the Library (LIBR) department folder on COLLAB?  Name: Brenda Hellen Title: Circulation & Stacks Management Specialist  Brenda will be using the computer formerly used by staff member Sandie Smith (asset #50544).  thank you, Natalie     --  Natalie Berg-Wall  Head of Loan Services  Gould Library - Carleton College   Northfield, MN 55057  Phone: 507-222-40
Good Morning,     I am new to Carleton and I need access to the OnBase document Imaging Program.  I should have the same access rights as Kris Parker in Student Financial Services.     If you have any questions please let me know.     Thanks,  Tina Kukowski  Assistant Director of Student Financial Services  Carleton College  One North College Street  Northfield, MN 55057     www.carleton.edu <http://www.carleton.edu>    Direct Number 507-222-4507  Main Number 507-222-4138
Aliza needs Onbase access before tomorrow (Nov. 4) afternoon because she has a training session on it. She is unsure whose account her account needs to mirror.
----- Original Message ----- From: "Judson Ulvestad" <julvestad@carleton.edu> To: "Michael Decker" <mdecker@carleton.edu> Sent: Monday, March 2, 2015 2:29:31 PM Subject: New staff member setup  Michael, [b]Tom Swift[/b] will be replacing Mary Amy as the Info Desk and One Card Coordinator. His first day will be on Wednesday, [b]March 4th[/b]. A new computer has been setup in the office. He will need an account created and the computer set up to his preferences. Also, access to print at the Info Desk printer and the MFP in Campus Services.   I hope that makes sense. If you have any questions please give me a call.   Thank you, Judson 
Amy Swenson will join the Business Office on Monday, March 30, 2015 as our full-time Temp Accounts Payable Assistant.  She will be working from Kelly Roehl's desk in Leighton 110 while Kelly is out for maternity leave.   While there is existing IT equipment in Kelly's work space it is not clear to us if it is better for Amy to use that equipment or order new equipment for her for her temporary position.  We will defer to your recommendation.      Amy will need a network login  OnBase Access, mimic Melissa Smith   Access to collab:  BUSI  Access to SSRS reporting for the Business Office   Easy Spooler  Colleague Access, mimic Melissa Smith   Access to the Accounts Payable inbox   Access to the Business Office Fax inbox      Same issue with Telephone service.  Kelly has a phone but Amy may need a separate phone.      Please feel free to contact me if you need additional information,   Thank you!  Linda H. Thornton            Linda H. Thornton   Comptroller   Carleton College Business Office    One North College Street   Northfield, MN  55057   Phone: 507.222.4171       Please share your suggestions and comments with us at Suggestion Box .  
Hi, we have a new employee starting on Monday, April 20.  His name is Ethan Hamblin.  Can we please create his account and it can be created like Todd Hildebrandt.  Thank you.  Lynn  --  Lynn Nichols Carleton College Facilities Department One North College St. Northfield, MN 55057 Phone: 507-222-5834 Fax: 507-222-5464 lnichols@carleton.edu
The Science Education Resource Center will have a new employee starting on 6/3.  Mary Jo Davenport although she goes by MJ.  She would have email set up and be given Collab access.  Thanks.
I'll be getting married on Friday June 26th.  Therefore my last name will change.  If I could get my username changed and a forward in place that would be great.  And anything else that needs to be changed.  Let me know if you need more information. New last name is Hanek.
Hello,   Lisa Pillow will be starting at the library on July 1st. Can you please set up her college email account so that it is ready by her first day?    Thanks,  Jason   Jason Hallen  Circulation Supervisor & Library Technology Coordinator   Gould Library - Carleton College   507-222-5836
Susan's username is currently sbeeby, and she would like her username changed to sshirk.
Please create an email address for our new assistant football coach: Jerome Smith.    Thank you,  Linda  ~~  Linda Luedke | PEAR Department Assistant | West Gym 207A   Carleton College | One North College Street |Northfield, MN 55057   Office 507-222-4052| Fax 507-222-5550   GO KNIGHTS!
Krista is a new employee in Admissions and needs to have an account made.  I've made Jamie Anthony the client on this ticket so that she can provide more details as needed.
Whitney Baumgard will be working in the bookstore and needs an email account.
Whitney Baumgard needs her account setup. Do note that she is a Barnes and Noble employee at the Sayles Bookstore.  She would like to be contacted at her office number: x4150. Otherwise use the bookstore's number: x4153.
Matt Lauer will move from SERC to ITS/Web Services on Monday, August 17th. (He is basically Willy's replacement, so this can help guide what he needs access to.) This ticket is intended to initiate several setup items that need to happen for a new ITS employee including:   -webhelpdesk tech account  -privileged active directory account, as appropriate   -accounts on web servers, Moodle server, and any others that Willy had access to   -please contact me with questions about other setup that may be needed    I will create a separate ticket for requesting his equipment.   Julie   Julie K. Anderson, MBA,PMP  Director of Web Services  Carleton College  One North College Street  Northfield, MN 55057  507-222-6824  janderso@carleton.edu
Hi,  We have a new custodian, Toby Halley, starting on Monday, August 17.  Can you please set up a new employee account for him.  He can be set up like Teresa Pittman.  Thank you.  Lynn  --  Lynn Nichols Carleton College Facilities Department One North College St. Northfield, MN 55057 Phone: 507-222-5834 Fax: 507-222-5464 lnichols@carleton.edu
Hi!  I need to request two new employees at SHAC be set up with claim codes for IT/email access.  They meet with HR next week, so they're likely not in the system yet. That said, anything that can be done by IT and/or HR to expedite the claim process once they're in would be greatly appreciated-- we’re trying to get them set up as soon as possible so they can start the Medicat training and charting process (which requires them to have @carleton emails to access). Their names are Nakisa Khosnevis and Annet Zhuravel—I’ll be helping them with the claim process and will instruct them to choose <nkhosnevis> and <azhuravel> as their IDs, since those are needed by Medicat to set them up as providers. Please let me know if I can answer any questions, and many thanks for your help! All my best, David
We have a new Research Associate, Marie Balaban that needs to have an e-mail/logon for the rest of fall term and winter '16 term as well.  
Hi, we have a new custodian starting on Monday, October 19.  Her name is Bri Owen.  Could we get her account set up and she can be set up like Heidi Miller.  Thank you.  Lynn  --  Lynn Nichols Carleton College Facilities Department One North College St. Northfield, MN 55057 Phone: 507-222-5834 Fax: 507-222-5464 lnichols@carleton.edu
We need 5 user accounts that will allow random people to log in and see the email/calendar platforms that we are assessing for migration. This logging in will take place during supervised times and these accounts will be removed after testing is complete.  The user names might as well be:  gtestuser1 gtestuser2 gtestuser3 gtestuser4 gtestuser5  If a first name is helpful then 'gmail' will work and give us the proper username if the last names are 'user{n}'  The only thing these user accounts are doing/need permissions for is accessing the Google email/calendaring platform, so if 'guest access' provides enough permisssions then that would be fine as well.
We have a new staff member who'll be at SHAC on a very ad hoc basis.  Pamela Tietz (Temporary On-Call Nurse Practitioner) has already met with HR and shows up on our staff page.  I need to request that she be set up with claim codes for IT/email access, and that her claim codes be copied to me as well. Thanks! 
Aaron's assistant coach, who has been on campus since Fall Term, has yet to receive a Carleton Account for email, hub access, etc.  The assistant's name is Mick Williams.  Can we set up an account and claim for Mick Williams as soon as possible? He would like to update critical information in the hub.
Hi Les,  We have a new business manager starting Monday at SERC. Her name is Amy Collette and she is Karen Smetana's replacement. Can you arrange for Amy to have the same collab access that Karen had?  Thank you very much, Erica
Good morning!   We have a new employee beginning March 21 as our Academic Records Coordinator and will need to get a user account, email address, and Colleague access set up for her! Colleague access can mimic whatever Jackie Swenson had, or whatever Maria Reverman and/or Ann May have currently.    Allie Lyman  allie.lyman.al@gmail.com   Please let me know what else I can do to help get the account created.    Best,   Emy     Emy Farley    Registrar  Carleton College  507-222-4290  efarley@carleton.edu
She went through the account setup process and set her security questions, but cannot login to email or use her account in any way.  her email does not appear in the directory (although she does with her picture).  Thoughts?  I've copied her gmail account so she can get updates on this ticket.
Also, please do let me know when their email accounts and calendars have been created. Thanks  Nichole  ------------------------------  From: Nichole Wrolstad [mailto:nwrolstad@carleton.edu]   Sent: Wednesday, May 18, 2016 3:09 PM To: 'helpdesk@carleton.edu' <helpdesk@carleton.edu> Cc: 'Michael Decker' <mdecker@carleton.edu>; Christian Hakala <chakala@carleton.edu> Subject: New Employees-Development Officer-Development  Hello,  We have two new employees starting [b]June 8th[/b] . Both will need a [b]laptop/docking  station/monitor[/b].    Names: [b]Lauren Nakamura[/b] & [b]Peter McGarraugh[/b]  Desk Location: Unknown-Contact Nichole Wrolstad for more information-will be in Division Street Building    [b]Software needed[/b]: Onbase, Advance, PG Calc , VPN access.     We also have an internal employee (Kelly Rowan) who is currently part of the Alumni Annual Fund. She will be transitioning to a new position, as a Development Officer in the Development Office in the near future (date TBD). How do we go about her laptop? Do we need to do a new set up for her in Development being it is a different department budget? Can she still use the one she has now?   Being that we have a total of 3 Development Officers joining our team, we will also need 3 iPads. I am not sure if there is a standard iPad/configuration that all the Development Officers have? You can contact Christian Hakala with further questions regarding the iPads.  Thanks,  Nichole Wrolstad  Administrative Assistant in Development   Carleton College One North College Street Northfield, MN 55057 (507) 222-4200
That would be fantastic!   Can it be:  betsylanegetaz@carleton.edu?   elaneget is confusing...   Let me know what else I need to do.    Thanks!   Betsy   --  Betsy Lane-Getaz, MS, RN, CNP  Nurse Practitioner  SHAC~Student Health and Counseling   1 North College Street - Ground Davis   Northfield, MN 55057  507-222-4080  507-222-5038 (fax)
Alysa needs access to the off-campus studies fax account (507-222-5614). Her email is atoov@carleton.edu.
We have a new employee Ashley Belisle starting on Tuesday, June 5, we would like her to go directly to Gmail and not be set -up in Zimbra at all, since we all migrate on July 7.    Let me know if you have questions.    Thanks  Sarah   --  Sarah Rechtzigel | Assistant to the Director   Carleton College Career Center   Sayles-Hill 050 | Northfield, MN   srechtzi@carleton.edu | 507.222.4296   go.carleton.edu/career  Follow us on Facebook and Twitter
Shanna Lindelien is moving in to a new position and will need Carleton credentials and an email address. She is already in the directory.
Adam Berliner decided not to continue on the IACUC committee  and we now have a new community member to take his spot.  Her name is Emily Kraus and her email address is krausemily58@gmail.com.  Would you please set her up with a username and password so that she can receive the IACUC protocols that are submitted?  Adam was adam_iacuc.  I would be happy to delete Adam and add Emily to the IACUC Committee Group in Reason once you are done.  She will be starting the week of the 19th, so it would be helpful if we could have her set up by then.
Alyse has a new last name. She has changed her account name in Advance and started the process at HR.   Original last name = Eggebrecht  New last name = Simondet  
Elisabeth left me a voice mail.  She has a new staff member starting in early October and wanted to make sure there were no additional IT forms she needed to be filling out.
Hi! Just found out the we're being joined by a new, part-time staff member starting this Thursday, Sept. 29.  Lauren Benolkin, CNP, has not yet met with HR (scheduled for 11am on Thur), but I wanted to give you a heads-up so that she can get a claim code generated ASAP.  As always, I need to request that she be set up with claim codes for IT/email access ASAP so I can get her access to Medicat's EHR/Practice Management via RDC. Anything that can be done to expedite the process would be great, many thanks! All the best, David 
Below is the note I received from MDecker. The re-image ticket being referenced is WHD ticket # 71535. --------------------- I am not sure if there was any other communication from Linda for account setup, aside from my re-imaging ticket, so I am sending this note to you about her new hire arriving Monday 11/1/16. Please review her most recent note in the ticket as it relates to general setup (Julie) and OnBase (Russ). I see he has an account that is provisioned for Karl Symons, but I doubt Linda has received any confirmation/next steps. Who else needs to know about this new hire for access related things? Les is out, correct? 
Tom Brice starts at Carleton on December 12th.  He should be set up like Tom Feiler, and we will tweak from there, if needed.   
Lisa Falconer will begin work on February 1 as the new administrative assistant in Goodsell for ENTS, American Studies and Linguistics.  Please set up her computing account to have the same access that Missy Render had.    Thanks,  Peggy
​From: Rich Graves <rgraves@carleton.edu> Date: Tue, Jan 31, 2017 at 2:39 PM Subject: provisioning Duo group oddity To: Les LaCroix <llacroix@carleton.edu>   Looks like a spurious newline or single quote in the line stamped 10:52:35.195484?  [Tue Jan 31 10:52:00.471273 2017] [:error] [pid 25369] [client 141.140.77.50:52659] [Tue Jan 31 10:52:00 2017] PROVISION: [web].[AccountCodes] entry updated for fvandover, referer: https://login.carleton.edu/provisioning/ [Tue Jan 31 10:52:34.699812 2017] [:error] [pid 25460] [client 141.140.77.50:52716] [Tue Jan 31 10:52:34 2017] CHPASS: Attempting to change password policy group for 'fvandover' to 'SpecopsPwd1_gs': Success ( []), referer: https://login.carleton.edu/password/?username=fvandover&key=46f68d16a22783e0b22d92f970a11005 [Tue Jan 31 10:52:35.173663 2017] [:error] [pid 25460] [client 141.140.77.50:52716] [Tue Jan 31 10:52:35 2017] CHPASS: Changed password policy group for CN=fvandover,OU=its,OU=Employees,OU=People,DC=ads,DC=carleton,DC=edu to CN=SpecopsPwd1_gs,OU=Groups,DC=ads,DC=carleton,DC=edu: Success ( []), referer: https://login.carleton.edu/password/?username=fvandover&key=46f68d16a22783e0b22d92f970a11005 [Tue Jan 31 10:52:35.195430 2017] [:error] [pid 25460] [client 141.140.77.50:52716] PHP Warning:  ldap_mod_del(): Modify: Invalid DN syntax in /var/www/html/global_stock/php/ldap_base_class.php on line 235, referer: https://login.carleton.edu/password/?username=fvandover&key=46f68d16a22783e0b22d92f970a11005 [Tue Jan 31 10:52:35.195484 2017] [:error] [pid 25460] [client 141.140.77.50:52716] [Tue Jan 31 10:52:35 2017] CHPASS: LDAP delete failed for member = CN=fvandover,OU=its,OU=Employees,OU=People,DC=ads,DC=carleton,DC=edu in CN=CN=Duo users - auto,OU=Groups,DC=ads,DC=carleton,DC=edu,OU=Groups,DC=ads,DC=carleton,DC=edu: Invalid DN syntax (0000208F: NameErr: DSID-03100225, problem 2006 (BAD_NAME), data 8349, best match of:\n\t'CN=CN=Duo users - auto,OU=Groups,DC=ads,DC=carleton,DC=edu,OU=Groups,DC=ads,DC=carleton,DC=edu'\n []), referer: https://login.carleton.edu/password/?username=fvandover&key=46f68d16a22783e0b22d92f970a11005 [Tue Jan 31 10:52:35.242650 2017] [:error] [pid 25460] [client 141.140.77.50:52716] [Tue Jan 31 10:52:35 2017] CHPASS: User updated AD password for CN=fvandover,OU=its,OU=Employees,OU=People,DC=ads,DC=carleton,DC=edu: Success ( []), referer: https://login.carleton.edu/password/?username=fvandover&key=46f68d16a22783e0b22d92f970a11005 [Tue Jan 31 10:55:09.536777 2017] [:error] [pid 25589] [client 141.140.77.50:52767] Duo Auth db opt-in for fvandover, referer: https://login.carleton.edu/auth/auth_pref.php 
For 2/21:  kdriesch@carleton.edu lluedke@carleton.edu dfredric@carleton.edu btousign@carleton.edu blee@carleton.edu 
Hi, We had a new employee start today.  Her name is Joan Jandro.  She was a BonApetit employee so I don't know if she has a Carleton account or not. Can you help me get her account set up right so she can enter time on the HUB etc?   Thank you.  Lynn  --  Lynn Nichols Administrative Assistant Carleton College Custodial Services 507-222-5834 lnichols@carleton.edu
Les, With encouragement from HR, I'm initiating this request for new employee access - Brenda will be replacing Wanita Parker so emulating Wanita's access would be appropriate.  They will overlap in their position for two weeks for cross-training purposes. Thank you! L.  Linda H. Thornton Comptroller Carleton College One North College Street Northfield, MN 55057 507-222-4171   ---------- Forwarded message ---------- From: Kristy Sybilrud <ksybilrud@carleton.edu> Date: Fri, Jun 30, 2017 at 4:33 PM Subject: Re: Welcome to Carleton! To: B S <bkbs2009@gmail.com> Cc: Kara Lloyd <klloyd@carleton.edu>, "Thornton, Linda" < lthornto@carleton.edu>   Dear Brenda,  Thank you for your email, it is much appreciated.  Someone from the Business Office will reach out to ITS office and request your Carleton email access . Generally this happens a week before your start date. Les LaCroix is the ITS contact person, he sends you an email to your home email address and you set up your access via your home email account.  Feel free to reach out to me anytime between now and your start date if you have questions, always happy to assist.  *Kristy Sybilrud* Employment Manager, Human Resources Carleton College 1 N. College Street Northfield MN 55057 / 507-222-7629 <(507)%20222-7629>  Opportunities with Carleton College <https://jobs.carleton.edu/postings/search?query=&query_posted_at=&539=&query_organizational_tier_3_id=any&query_position_type_id=1&commit=Search>  On Fri, Jun 30, 2017 at 4:27 PM, B S <bkbs2009@gmail.com> wrote:  > Kristy, > > I received the email regarding the background check. I have completed that > process and submitted the information. Thank you so much. I look forward to > meeting you. > > Brenda Schneider > > On Jun 30, 2017 3:22 PM, "Kristy Sybilrud" <ksybilrud@carleton.edu> wrote: > >> Dear Brenda, >> >> >> >> Congratulations on your position as Administrative Assistant for the >> Business Office at Carleton College. Your tentative start date is July 24, >> 2017. Attached is a copy of your letter of employment, please contact >> myself or Linda Thornton if you have questions re: the terms of your >> employment as stated in your letter. I will mail a hard copy of the letter >> to your home address. >> >> >> >> Please confirm by responding to this email that you received a second >> email from our background check vendor, Orange Tree. In that email there >> should be link to the site and instructions how to submit your background >> check online. Please be sure to submit your background check information as >> soon as possible. These checks take generally 5-7 business day to process, >> given the holiday, I would estimate your background check should clear >> early the week of July 10. You will hear from our office when your >> background check clears either by phone or by email. >> >> >> >> Before your start date, please access the New Employee Link at >> http://bit.ly/carletonhr. Please fill out and print the forms >> <https://apps.carleton.edu/campus/human_resources/welcome_new_employees/paperwork/>, >> and bring them to our office on your first day. If you are unable to open >> or print these forms we can do this for you when you visit our office. At >> the New Employee Link, you will also find resources to help you transition >> to your new job at Carleton College. You can learn more about the benefits >> available to you at Carleton by reviewing the non-exempt benefits summary >> <https://apps.carleton.edu/campus/human_resources/assets/Benefits_Summary_non_exempt.4_25_17.pdf> >>  . >> >> >> >> ​W >> hen completing the Federal I-9 form, you only need to print pages >> ​1​ >>  and >> ​2​ >> . *Also note*, you will need to present your original documents to >> verify your eligibility work in the United States within  your first three >> days of employment. The documents you can choose to present are listed on >> page >> ​3​ >>  of this form. *Be sure to notice* that  you can choose to bring one >> document from List A *OR *one document each from list *B and C*. >> >> On behalf of Linda Thornton and Carleton College, I welcome you and look >> forward to your contributions to the College. >> >> >> *Kristy Sybilrud* >> Employment Manager, Human Resources >> Carleton College >> 1 N. College Street >> Northfield MN 55057 / 507-222-7629 <(507)%20222-7629> >> >> Opportunities with Carleton College >> <https://jobs.carleton.edu/postings/search?query=&query_posted_at=&539=&query_organizational_tier_3_id=any&query_position_type_id=1&commit=Search> >> >
Hi!  I need to request that our two new 1-year employees (PRAC Counselors) at SHAC be set up with claim codes for IT/email access.  They haven't met with HR yet, so no worries about timing, just as soon as is convenient once they're in the system.  New PRAC Counselors: Alexa Koester  (akoester) James Selmon-Vasser   (jselmonvasser)  Please let me know if I can answer any questions, and many thanks for your help! All the best, David 
Mia is our 5th year in TSG and will need rights for password changing and Bitlocker code lookups, among other things.
Mary Johnson would like her account to be mejohnson instead of mjohnson2.
New employee: Mycah Schrader  ---  Hi Pam,  The below was sent to Mycah's personal email address over the weekend, per our normal protocol. She should be able to access it there. You can also just print this out, paying special attention to the account code, and move on from there.  Thanks,  Dave Flynn Manager of Systems and Infrastructure Carleton College 507 222 7836 - office 651 331 6323 - cell   ---------- Forwarded message ---------- From: Les LaCroix <llacroix@carleton.edu> Date: Sat, Sep 16, 2017 at 9:37 AM Subject: Carleton staff computing accounts To: mschraderphotography <mschraderphotography@yahoo.com>   Mycah L. Schrader,  You may begin the process of activating your Carleton staff computing accounts by visiting http://go.carleton.edu/newaccount/ and entering the following code:  0522-2276-6050-5153  You will be asked to verify your username and to set a password. Once your password is set, secondary accounts will be created for you in the background. Your email address will be your username followed by "@carleton.edu", and can be accessed by visiting https://gmail.carleton.edu/ .  Accounts in other systems will be created for you within a few hours, overnight, or during the following business day. Please begin the activation process at your earliest convenience to insure that your accounts are activated prior to your start date.  If you require any assistance with activating your accounts, please contact the Carleton College ITS Help Desk at 507.222.5999 during normal business hours.  Best regards, -Les  Les LaCroix '79 | Strategic Technologist Carleton College | 1 N. College St. | MS 3-ITS | Northfield, MN 55057 507.222.5455 | free/busy
Hi Dave,  Hopefully this is the right ticket type, though I'm guessing it isn't. Please extend my access to email for a month past my end date.   Thank you, Caleb
Sara was calling on behalf of the new animal care supervisor, Gunnar Newquist, who is just starting and needs his account set up. I emailed her the corresponding claim code and web page to pass along to Mr Newquist.
Hi Adam,  It doesn't look like your profile has been set up, I thought it was before you started.... odd. I am cc: Les LaCroix and the ITS helpdesk. Please respond to this email with a phone extension where you can be reached, that way Les or the helpdesk can call you.  Les & helpdesk - Adam is a new hire in the Librarian, his start date was 12-18-17.  Thanks for reaching out - I don't want you to struggle.  *Kristy Sybilrud* Employment Manager, Human Resources Carleton College 1 N. College Street Northfield MN 55057 / 507-222-7629  Opportunities with Carleton College <https://jobs.carleton.edu/postings/search?query=&query_posted_at=&539=&query_organizational_tier_3_id=any&query_position_type_id=1&commit=Search>  On Thu, Dec 21, 2017 at 10:24 AM, Adam Gebler <adamrgebler@gmail.com> wrote:  > Hello Kristy, > > I'm having trouble trying to find my Carleton user name and password. > Would it be possible to have them sent to me via email? > > Thanks, > Adam Gebler > > On Mon, Dec 18, 2017 at 7:56 AM, Adam Gebler <adamrgebler@gmail.com> > wrote: > >> Hello again Kristy, >> >> I did have trouble trying to print out the documents this weekend.  I >> will make sure they are completed before I leave campus today, though. >> >> All the best, >> Adam >> >> On Sun, Dec 17, 2017 at 9:04 PM, Kristy Sybilrud <ksybilrud@carleton.edu> >> wrote: >> >>> Thank you Adam. >>> >>> I see that you are on the directory already, that's a good sign that you >>> are getting connected to services for a productive first day of work at >>> Carleton. >>> >>> See you tomorrow. >>> >>> *Kristy Sybilrud* >>> Employment Manager, Human Resources >>> Carleton College >>> 1 N. College Street >>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>> Northfield MN 55057 / >>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>> 507-222-7629 <(507)%20222-7629> >>> >>> Opportunities with Carleton College >>> <https://jobs.carleton.edu/postings/search?query=&query_posted_at=&539=&query_organizational_tier_3_id=any&query_position_type_id=1&commit=Search> >>> >>> On Sat, Dec 16, 2017 at 8:36 AM, <adamrgebler@gmail.com> wrote: >>> >>>> Thank you, Kristy. I’ll look through the new employee materials, and >>>> please let me know if there’s any problem with my orange tree submission. >>>> >>>> Have a nice weekend, >>>> Adam Gebler >>>> >>>> On Dec 15, 2017, at 17:19, Kristy Sybilrud <ksybilrud@carleton.edu> >>>> wrote: >>>> >>>> Hi Adam, >>>> >>>> I re-sent your welcome email to you, I'm glad we had the opportunity to >>>> correct your email and get this to you for the weekend. >>>> >>>> Thank you, looking forward to meeting you on Monday. >>>> >>>> *Kristy Sybilrud* >>>> Employment Manager, Human Resources >>>> Carleton College >>>> 1 N. College Street >>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>> Northfield MN 55057 / >>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>> >>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/+%3Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%3D1%2BN.%2BCollege%2BStreetNorthfield%2BMN%2B55057%2B/%25C2%25A0507%26entry%3Dgmail%26source%3Dg%3E%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>> 507-222-7629 <(507)%20222-7629> >>>> >>>> Opportunities with Carleton College >>>> <https://jobs.carleton.edu/postings/search?query=&query_posted_at=&539=&query_organizational_tier_3_id=any&query_position_type_id=1&commit=Search> >>>> >>>> ---------- Forwarded message ---------- >>>> From: Kristy Sybilrud <ksybilrud@carleton.edu> >>>> Date: Fri, Dec 15, 2017 at 5:06 PM >>>> Subject: Welcome to Carleton. >>>> To: adam.gebler@gmail.com >>>> Cc: "Leebaw, Danya" <dleebaw@carleton.edu>, "Schaffner, Brad" < >>>> bschaffner@carleton.edu>, "LaCroix, Les" <llacroix@carleton.edu> >>>> >>>> >>>> Dear Adam, >>>> >>>> Congratulations on your position as temporary Library Reference >>>> Assistant at Carleton College. Your start date is December 18, 2017. >>>> Attached is a copy of your letter of employment, please contact myself or >>>> Danya Leebaw if you have questions re: the terms of your employment as >>>> stated in your letter. I will mail a hard >>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/+%3Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%3D1%2BN.%2BCollege%2BStreetNorthfield%2BMN%2B55057%2B/%25C2%25A0507%26entry%3Dgmail%26source%3Dg%3E%C2%A0+%3Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%3D1%2BN.%2BCollege%2BStreetNorthfield%2BMN%2B55057%2B/%2B%253Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%253D1%252BN.%252BCollege%252BStreetNorthfield%252BMN%252B55057%252B/%2525C2%2525A0507%2526entry%253Dgmail%2526source%253Dg%253E%25C2%25A0507%26entry%3Dgmail%26source%3Dg%3E507&entry=gmail&source=g>copy >>>> to the address on the letter. >>>> >>>> >>>> >>>> Please confirm by responding to this email that you received a second >>>> email from our background check vendor, Orange Tree. In that email there >>>> should be link to the site and instructions how to submit your background >>>> check online. Please be sure to submit your background check information as >>>> soon as possible. These checks take generally 5-7 business day to process. >>>> >>>> >>>> Before your start date, please access the New Employee Link at >>>> http://bit.ly/carletonhr. Please fill out and print the forms >>>> <https://apps.carleton.edu/campus/human_resources/welcome_new_employees/paperwork/>, >>>> and bring them to our office on your first day. If you are unable to open >>>> or print these forms we can do this for you when you visit our office. At >>>> the New Employee Link, you will also find resources to help you transition >>>> to your new job at Carleton College. >>>> >>>> >>>> ​W >>>> hen completing the Federal I-9 form, you only need to print pages >>>> ​1​ >>>>  and >>>> ​2​ >>>> . *Also note*, you will need to present your original documents to >>>> verify your eligibility work in the United States within  your first three >>>> days of employment. The documents you can choose to present are listed on >>>> page >>>> ​3​ >>>>  of this form. *Be sure to notice* that  you can choose to bring one >>>> document from List A *OR *one document each from list *B and C*. >>>> >>>> On behalf of Danya Leebaw, the Carleton Library staff and Carleton >>>> College, I welcome you to the College. >>>> >>>> >>>> >>>> *Kristy Sybilrud* >>>> Employment Manager, Human Resources >>>> Carleton College >>>> 1 N. College Street >>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>> Northfield MN 55057 / >>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>> >>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/+%3Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%3D1%2BN.%2BCollege%2BStreetNorthfield%2BMN%2B55057%2B/%25C2%25A0507%26entry%3Dgmail%26source%3Dg%3E%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>> 507-222-7629 <(507)%20222-7629> >>>> >>>> Opportunities with Carleton College >>>> <https://jobs.carleton.edu/postings/search?query=&query_posted_at=&539=&query_organizational_tier_3_id=any&query_position_type_id=1&commit=Search> >>>> >>>> <Gebler, Adam - temp Library Research Asst eff 12-18-17.pdf> >>>> >>>> >>> >> >
Thank you.  *Kristy Sybilrud* Employment Manager, Human Resources Carleton College 1 N. College Street Northfield MN 55057 / 507-222-7629  Opportunities with Carleton College <https://jobs.carleton.edu/postings/search?query=&query_posted_at=&539=&query_organizational_tier_3_id=any&query_position_type_id=1&commit=Search>  On Thu, Dec 21, 2017 at 2:01 PM, Adam Gebler <adamrgebler@gmail.com> wrote:  > Thanks Kristy, > > The best number to reach me at is my cell: 815-238-6470 <(815)%20238-6470>. > > > Adam > > On Thu, Dec 21, 2017 at 1:57 PM, Kristy Sybilrud <ksybilrud@carleton.edu> > wrote: > >> Hi Adam, >> >> It doesn't look like your profile has been set up, I thought it was >> before you started.... odd. I am cc: Les LaCroix and the ITS helpdesk. >> Please respond to this email with a phone extension where you can be >> reached, that way Les or the helpdesk can call you. >> >> Les & helpdesk - Adam is a new hire in the Librarian, his start date was >> 12-18-17. >> >> Thanks for reaching out - I don't want you to struggle. >> >> *Kristy Sybilrud* >> Employment Manager, Human Resources >> Carleton College >> 1 N. College Street >> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >> Northfield MN 55057 / >> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >> 507-222-7629 <(507)%20222-7629> >> >> Opportunities with Carleton College >> <https://jobs.carleton.edu/postings/search?query=&query_posted_at=&539=&query_organizational_tier_3_id=any&query_position_type_id=1&commit=Search> >> >> On Thu, Dec 21, 2017 at 10:24 AM, Adam Gebler <adamrgebler@gmail.com> >> wrote: >> >>> Hello Kristy, >>> >>> I'm having trouble trying to find my Carleton user name and password. >>> Would it be possible to have them sent to me via email? >>> >>> Thanks, >>> Adam Gebler >>> >>> On Mon, Dec 18, 2017 at 7:56 AM, Adam Gebler <adamrgebler@gmail.com> >>> wrote: >>> >>>> Hello again Kristy, >>>> >>>> I did have trouble trying to print out the documents this weekend.  I >>>> will make sure they are completed before I leave campus today, though. >>>> >>>> All the best, >>>> Adam >>>> >>>> On Sun, Dec 17, 2017 at 9:04 PM, Kristy Sybilrud < >>>> ksybilrud@carleton.edu> wrote: >>>> >>>>> Thank you Adam. >>>>> >>>>> I see that you are on the directory already, that's a good sign that >>>>> you are getting connected to services for a productive first day of work at >>>>> Carleton. >>>>> >>>>> See you tomorrow. >>>>> >>>>> *Kristy Sybilrud* >>>>> Employment Manager, Human Resources >>>>> Carleton College >>>>> 1 N. College Street >>>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>>> Northfield MN 55057 / >>>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>>> 507-222-7629 <(507)%20222-7629> >>>>> >>>>> Opportunities with Carleton College >>>>> <https://jobs.carleton.edu/postings/search?query=&query_posted_at=&539=&query_organizational_tier_3_id=any&query_position_type_id=1&commit=Search> >>>>> >>>>> On Sat, Dec 16, 2017 at 8:36 AM, <adamrgebler@gmail.com> wrote: >>>>> >>>>>> Thank you, Kristy. I’ll look through the new employee materials, and >>>>>> please let me know if there’s any problem with my orange tree submission. >>>>>> >>>>>> Have a nice weekend, >>>>>> Adam Gebler >>>>>> >>>>>> On Dec 15, 2017, at 17:19, Kristy Sybilrud <ksybilrud@carleton.edu> >>>>>> wrote: >>>>>> >>>>>> Hi Adam, >>>>>> >>>>>> I re-sent your welcome email to you, I'm glad we had the opportunity >>>>>> to correct your email and get this to you for the weekend. >>>>>> >>>>>> Thank you, looking forward to meeting you on Monday. >>>>>> >>>>>> *Kristy Sybilrud* >>>>>> Employment Manager, Human Resources >>>>>> Carleton College >>>>>> 1 N. College Street >>>>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>>>> Northfield MN 55057 / >>>>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>>>> >>>>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/+%3Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%3D1%2BN.%2BCollege%2BStreetNorthfield%2BMN%2B55057%2B/%25C2%25A0507%26entry%3Dgmail%26source%3Dg%3E%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>>>> 507-222-7629 <(507)%20222-7629> >>>>>> >>>>>> Opportunities with Carleton College >>>>>> <https://jobs.carleton.edu/postings/search?query=&query_posted_at=&539=&query_organizational_tier_3_id=any&query_position_type_id=1&commit=Search> >>>>>> >>>>>> ---------- Forwarded message ---------- >>>>>> From: Kristy Sybilrud <ksybilrud@carleton.edu> >>>>>> Date: Fri, Dec 15, 2017 at 5:06 PM >>>>>> Subject: Welcome to Carleton. >>>>>> To: adam.gebler@gmail.com >>>>>> Cc: "Leebaw, Danya" <dleebaw@carleton.edu>, "Schaffner, Brad" < >>>>>> bschaffner@carleton.edu>, "LaCroix, Les" <llacroix@carleton.edu> >>>>>> >>>>>> >>>>>> Dear Adam, >>>>>> >>>>>> Congratulations on your position as temporary Library Reference >>>>>> Assistant at Carleton College. Your start date is December 18, 2017. >>>>>> Attached is a copy of your letter of employment, please contact myself or >>>>>> Danya Leebaw if you have questions re: the terms of your employment as >>>>>> stated in your letter. I will mail a hard >>>>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/+%3Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%3D1%2BN.%2BCollege%2BStreetNorthfield%2BMN%2B55057%2B/%25C2%25A0507%26entry%3Dgmail%26source%3Dg%3E%C2%A0+%3Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%3D1%2BN.%2BCollege%2BStreetNorthfield%2BMN%2B55057%2B/%2B%253Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%253D1%252BN.%252BCollege%252BStreetNorthfield%252BMN%252B55057%252B/%2525C2%2525A0507%2526entry%253Dgmail%2526source%253Dg%253E%25C2%25A0507%26entry%3Dgmail%26source%3Dg%3E507&entry=gmail&source=g>copy >>>>>> to the address on the letter. >>>>>> >>>>>> >>>>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/+%3Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%3D1%2BN.%2BCollege%2BStreetNorthfield%2BMN%2B55057%2B/%25C2%25A0507%26entry%3Dgmail%26source%3Dg%3E%C2%A0+%3Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%3D1%2BN.%2BCollege%2BStreetNorthfield%2BMN%2B55057%2B/%2B%253Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%253D1%252BN.%252BCollege%252BStreetNorthfield%252BMN%252B55057%252B/%2525C2%2525A0507%2526entry%253Dgmail%2526source%253Dg%253E%25C2%25A0507%26entry%3Dgmail%26source%3Dg%3E507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>>>> >>>>>> Please confirm by responding to this email that you received a second >>>>>> email from our background check vendor, Orange Tree. In that email there >>>>>> should be link to the site and instructions how to submit your background >>>>>> check online. Please be sure to submit your background check information as >>>>>> soon as possible. These checks take generally 5-7 business day to process. >>>>>> >>>>>> >>>>>> Before your start date, please access the New Employee Link at >>>>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/+%3Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%3D1%2BN.%2BCollege%2BStreetNorthfield%2BMN%2B55057%2B/%25C2%25A0507%26entry%3Dgmail%26source%3Dg%3E%C2%A0+%3Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%3D1%2BN.%2BCollege%2BStreetNorthfield%2BMN%2B55057%2B/%2B%253Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%253D1%252BN.%252BCollege%252BStreetNorthfield%252BMN%252B55057%252B/%2525C2%2525A0507%2526entry%253Dgmail%2526source%253Dg%253E%25C2%25A0507%26entry%3Dgmail%26source%3Dg%3E507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>>>> http://bit.ly/carletonhr. Please fill out and print the forms >>>>>> <https://apps.carleton.edu/campus/human_resources/welcome_new_employees/paperwork/>, >>>>>> and bring them to our office on your first day. If you are unable to open >>>>>> or print these forms we can do this for you when you visit our office. At >>>>>> the New Employee Link, you will also find resources to help you transition >>>>>> to your new job at Carleton College. >>>>>> >>>>>> >>>>>> ​W >>>>>> hen completing the Federal I-9 form, you only need to print pages >>>>>> ​1​ >>>>>>  and >>>>>> ​2​ >>>>>> . *Also note*, you will need to present your original documents to >>>>>> verify your eligibility work in the United States within  your first three >>>>>> days of employment. The documents you can choose to present are listed on >>>>>> page >>>>>> ​3​ >>>>>>  of this form. *Be sure to notice* that  you can choose to bring one >>>>>> document from List A *OR *one document each from list *B and C*. >>>>>> >>>>>> On behalf of Danya Leebaw, the Carleton Library staff and Carleton >>>>>> College, I welcome you to the College. >>>>>> >>>>>> >>>>>> >>>>>> *Kristy Sybilrud* >>>>>> Employment Manager, Human Resources >>>>>> Carleton College >>>>>> 1 N. College Street >>>>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>>>> Northfield MN 55057 / >>>>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>>>> >>>>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/+%3Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%3D1%2BN.%2BCollege%2BStreetNorthfield%2BMN%2B55057%2B/%25C2%25A0507%26entry%3Dgmail%26source%3Dg%3E%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>>>> 507-222-7629 <(507)%20222-7629> >>>>>> >>>>>> Opportunities with Carleton College >>>>>> <https://jobs.carleton.edu/postings/search?query=&query_posted_at=&539=&query_organizational_tier_3_id=any&query_position_type_id=1&commit=Search> >>>>>> >>>>>> <Gebler, Adam - temp Library Research Asst eff 12-18-17.pdf> >>>>>> >>>>>> >>>>> >>>> >>> >> >
Kristy,  I sent Adam's account activation instructions last Sunday to the email address we have on file in Colleague.  Looks like we don't have the correct address on file.  I will resend instructions now.  Could you update Colleague?  Colleague: adam.gebler@gmail.com Address used in today's note: adamrgebler@gmail.com  ---------- Forwarded message ---------- From: Les LaCroix <llacroix@carleton.edu> Date: Sun, Dec 17, 2017 at 9:41 PM Subject: Carleton staff computing accounts To: adam.gebler@gmail.com  Adam Gebler,  You may begin the process of activating your Carleton staff computing accounts by visiting http://go.carleton.edu/newaccount/ and entering the following code ...   -Les   ------------------------------ Les LaCroix '79 | Strategic Technologist Carleton College | 1 N. College St. | MS 3-ITS | Northfield, MN 55057 507.222.5455 | free/busy <https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=llacroix%40carleton.edu&ctz=America/Chicago>  On Thu, Dec 21, 2017 at 1:57 PM, Kristy Sybilrud <ksybilrud@carleton.edu> wrote:  > Hi Adam, > > It doesn't look like your profile has been set up, I thought it was before > you started.... odd. I am cc: Les LaCroix and the ITS helpdesk. Please > respond to this email with a phone extension where you can be reached, that > way Les or the helpdesk can call you. > > Les & helpdesk - Adam is a new hire in the Librarian, his start date was > 12-18-17. > > Thanks for reaching out - I don't want you to struggle. > > *Kristy Sybilrud* > Employment Manager, Human Resources > Carleton College > 1 N. College Street > <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> > Northfield MN 55057 / > <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> > 507-222-7629 <(507)%20222-7629> > > Opportunities with Carleton College > <https://jobs.carleton.edu/postings/search?query=&query_posted_at=&539=&query_organizational_tier_3_id=any&query_position_type_id=1&commit=Search> > > On Thu, Dec 21, 2017 at 10:24 AM, Adam Gebler <adamrgebler@gmail.com> > wrote: > >> Hello Kristy, >> >> I'm having trouble trying to find my Carleton user name and password. >> Would it be possible to have them sent to me via email? >> >> Thanks, >> Adam Gebler >> >> On Mon, Dec 18, 2017 at 7:56 AM, Adam Gebler <adamrgebler@gmail.com> >> wrote: >> >>> Hello again Kristy, >>> >>> I did have trouble trying to print out the documents this weekend.  I >>> will make sure they are completed before I leave campus today, though. >>> >>> All the best, >>> Adam >>> >>> On Sun, Dec 17, 2017 at 9:04 PM, Kristy Sybilrud <ksybilrud@carleton.edu >>> > wrote: >>> >>>> Thank you Adam. >>>> >>>> I see that you are on the directory already, that's a good sign that >>>> you are getting connected to services for a productive first day of work at >>>> Carleton. >>>> >>>> See you tomorrow. >>>> >>>> *Kristy Sybilrud* >>>> Employment Manager, Human Resources >>>> Carleton College >>>> 1 N. College Street >>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>> Northfield MN 55057 / >>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>> 507-222-7629 <(507)%20222-7629> >>>> >>>> Opportunities with Carleton College >>>> <https://jobs.carleton.edu/postings/search?query=&query_posted_at=&539=&query_organizational_tier_3_id=any&query_position_type_id=1&commit=Search> >>>> >>>> On Sat, Dec 16, 2017 at 8:36 AM, <adamrgebler@gmail.com> wrote: >>>> >>>>> Thank you, Kristy. I’ll look through the new employee materials, and >>>>> please let me know if there’s any problem with my orange tree submission. >>>>> >>>>> Have a nice weekend, >>>>> Adam Gebler >>>>> >>>>> On Dec 15, 2017, at 17:19, Kristy Sybilrud <ksybilrud@carleton.edu> >>>>> wrote: >>>>> >>>>> Hi Adam, >>>>> >>>>> I re-sent your welcome email to you, I'm glad we had the opportunity >>>>> to correct your email and get this to you for the weekend. >>>>> >>>>> Thank you, looking forward to meeting you on Monday. >>>>> >>>>> *Kristy Sybilrud* >>>>> Employment Manager, Human Resources >>>>> Carleton College >>>>> 1 N. College Street >>>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>>> Northfield MN 55057 / >>>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>>> >>>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/+%3Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%3D1%2BN.%2BCollege%2BStreetNorthfield%2BMN%2B55057%2B/%25C2%25A0507%26entry%3Dgmail%26source%3Dg%3E%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>>> 507-222-7629 <(507)%20222-7629> >>>>> >>>>> Opportunities with Carleton College >>>>> <https://jobs.carleton.edu/postings/search?query=&query_posted_at=&539=&query_organizational_tier_3_id=any&query_position_type_id=1&commit=Search> >>>>> >>>>> ---------- Forwarded message ---------- >>>>> From: Kristy Sybilrud <ksybilrud@carleton.edu> >>>>> Date: Fri, Dec 15, 2017 at 5:06 PM >>>>> Subject: Welcome to Carleton. >>>>> To: adam.gebler@gmail.com >>>>> Cc: "Leebaw, Danya" <dleebaw@carleton.edu>, "Schaffner, Brad" < >>>>> bschaffner@carleton.edu>, "LaCroix, Les" <llacroix@carleton.edu> >>>>> >>>>> >>>>> Dear Adam, >>>>> >>>>> Congratulations on your position as temporary Library Reference >>>>> Assistant at Carleton College. Your start date is December 18, 2017. >>>>> Attached is a copy of your letter of employment, please contact myself or >>>>> Danya Leebaw if you have questions re: the terms of your employment as >>>>> stated in your letter. I will mail a hard >>>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/+%3Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%3D1%2BN.%2BCollege%2BStreetNorthfield%2BMN%2B55057%2B/%25C2%25A0507%26entry%3Dgmail%26source%3Dg%3E%C2%A0+%3Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%3D1%2BN.%2BCollege%2BStreetNorthfield%2BMN%2B55057%2B/%2B%253Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%253D1%252BN.%252BCollege%252BStreetNorthfield%252BMN%252B55057%252B/%2525C2%2525A0507%2526entry%253Dgmail%2526source%253Dg%253E%25C2%25A0507%26entry%3Dgmail%26source%3Dg%3E507&entry=gmail&source=g>copy >>>>> to the address on the letter. >>>>> >>>>> >>>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/+%3Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%3D1%2BN.%2BCollege%2BStreetNorthfield%2BMN%2B55057%2B/%25C2%25A0507%26entry%3Dgmail%26source%3Dg%3E%C2%A0+%3Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%3D1%2BN.%2BCollege%2BStreetNorthfield%2BMN%2B55057%2B/%2B%253Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%253D1%252BN.%252BCollege%252BStreetNorthfield%252BMN%252B55057%252B/%2525C2%2525A0507%2526entry%253Dgmail%2526source%253Dg%253E%25C2%25A0507%26entry%3Dgmail%26source%3Dg%3E507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>>> >>>>> Please confirm by responding to this email that you received a second >>>>> email from our background check vendor, Orange Tree. In that email there >>>>> should be link to the site and instructions how to submit your background >>>>> check online. Please be sure to submit your background check information as >>>>> soon as possible. These checks take generally 5-7 business day to process. >>>>> >>>>> >>>>> Before your start date, please access the New Employee Link at >>>>> http://bit.ly/carletonhr. Please fill out and print the forms >>>>> <https://apps.carleton.edu/campus/human_resources/welcome_new_employees/paperwork/>, >>>>> and bring them to our office on your first day. If you are unable to open >>>>> or print these forms we can do this for you when you visit our office. At >>>>> the New Employee Link, you will also find resources to help you transition >>>>> to your new job at Carleton College. >>>>> >>>>> >>>>> ​W >>>>> hen completing the Federal I-9 form, you only need to print pages >>>>> ​1​ >>>>>  and >>>>> ​2​ >>>>> . *Also note*, you will need to present your original documents to >>>>> verify your eligibility work in the United States within  your first three >>>>> days of employment. The documents you can choose to present are listed on >>>>> page >>>>> ​3​ >>>>>  of this form. *Be sure to notice* that  you can choose to bring one >>>>> document from List A *OR *one document each from list *B and C*. >>>>> >>>>> On behalf of Danya Leebaw, the Carleton Library staff and Carleton >>>>> College, I welcome you to the College. >>>>> >>>>> >>>>> >>>>> *Kristy Sybilrud* >>>>> Employment Manager, Human Resources >>>>> Carleton College >>>>> 1 N. College Street >>>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>>> Northfield MN 55057 / >>>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>>> >>>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/+%3Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%3D1%2BN.%2BCollege%2BStreetNorthfield%2BMN%2B55057%2B/%25C2%25A0507%26entry%3Dgmail%26source%3Dg%3E%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>>> 507-222-7629 <(507)%20222-7629> >>>>> >>>>> Opportunities with Carleton College >>>>> <https://jobs.carleton.edu/postings/search?query=&query_posted_at=&539=&query_organizational_tier_3_id=any&query_position_type_id=1&commit=Search> >>>>> >>>>> <Gebler, Adam - temp Library Research Asst eff 12-18-17.pdf> >>>>> >>>>> >>>> >>> >> >
My apologies everyone, I believe I had the initial email wrong which threw off the whole process.  Danya Leebaw Reference and Instruction Librarian, Social Sciences & Government Documents Gould Library, Carleton College Office: Libe 465 *Students: Make an appointment using my online calendar <http://go.carleton.edu/dleebaw>.*  On Thu, Dec 21, 2017 at 2:37 PM, Les LaCroix <llacroix@carleton.edu> wrote:  > Kristy, > > I sent Adam's account activation instructions last Sunday to the email > address we have on file in Colleague.  Looks like we don't have the correct > address on file.  I will resend instructions now.  Could you update > Colleague? > > Colleague: adam.gebler@gmail.com > Address used in today's note: adamrgebler@gmail.com > > ---------- Forwarded message ---------- > From: Les LaCroix <llacroix@carleton.edu> > Date: Sun, Dec 17, 2017 at 9:41 PM > Subject: Carleton staff computing accounts > To: adam.gebler@gmail.com > > Adam Gebler, > > You may begin the process of activating your Carleton staff computing > accounts by visiting http://go.carleton.edu/newaccount/ and entering the > following code > ... > > > -Les > > > ------------------------------ > Les LaCroix '79 | Strategic Technologist > Carleton College | 1 N. College St > <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+St&entry=gmail&source=g>. | MS > 3-ITS | Northfield, MN 55057 > 507.222.5455 <(507)%20222-5455> | free/busy > <https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=llacroix%40carleton.edu&ctz=America/Chicago> > > On Thu, Dec 21, 2017 at 1:57 PM, Kristy Sybilrud <ksybilrud@carleton.edu> > wrote: > >> Hi Adam, >> >> It doesn't look like your profile has been set up, I thought it was >> before you started.... odd. I am cc: Les LaCroix and the ITS helpdesk. >> Please respond to this email with a phone extension where you can be >> reached, that way Les or the helpdesk can call you. >> >> Les & helpdesk - Adam is a new hire in the Librarian, his start date was >> 12-18-17. >> >> Thanks for reaching out - I don't want you to struggle. >> >> *Kristy Sybilrud* >> Employment Manager, Human Resources >> Carleton College >> 1 N. College Street >> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >> Northfield MN 55057 / >> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >> 507-222-7629 <(507)%20222-7629> >> >> Opportunities with Carleton College >> <https://jobs.carleton.edu/postings/search?query=&query_posted_at=&539=&query_organizational_tier_3_id=any&query_position_type_id=1&commit=Search> >> >> On Thu, Dec 21, 2017 at 10:24 AM, Adam Gebler <adamrgebler@gmail.com> >> wrote: >> >>> Hello Kristy, >>> >>> I'm having trouble trying to find my Carleton user name and password. >>> Would it be possible to have them sent to me via email? >>> >>> Thanks, >>> Adam Gebler >>> >>> On Mon, Dec 18, 2017 at 7:56 AM, Adam Gebler <adamrgebler@gmail.com> >>> wrote: >>> >>>> Hello again Kristy, >>>> >>>> I did have trouble trying to print out the documents this weekend.  I >>>> will make sure they are completed before I leave campus today, though. >>>> >>>> All the best, >>>> Adam >>>> >>>> On Sun, Dec 17, 2017 at 9:04 PM, Kristy Sybilrud < >>>> ksybilrud@carleton.edu> wrote: >>>> >>>>> Thank you Adam. >>>>> >>>>> I see that you are on the directory already, that's a good sign that >>>>> you are getting connected to services for a productive first day of work at >>>>> Carleton. >>>>> >>>>> See you tomorrow. >>>>> >>>>> *Kristy Sybilrud* >>>>> Employment Manager, Human Resources >>>>> Carleton College >>>>> 1 N. College Street >>>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>>> Northfield MN 55057 / >>>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>>> 507-222-7629 <(507)%20222-7629> >>>>> >>>>> Opportunities with Carleton College >>>>> <https://jobs.carleton.edu/postings/search?query=&query_posted_at=&539=&query_organizational_tier_3_id=any&query_position_type_id=1&commit=Search> >>>>> >>>>> On Sat, Dec 16, 2017 at 8:36 AM, <adamrgebler@gmail.com> wrote: >>>>> >>>>>> Thank you, Kristy. I’ll look through the new employee materials, and >>>>>> please let me know if there’s any problem with my orange tree submission. >>>>>> >>>>>> Have a nice weekend, >>>>>> Adam Gebler >>>>>> >>>>>> On Dec 15, 2017, at 17:19, Kristy Sybilrud <ksybilrud@carleton.edu> >>>>>> wrote: >>>>>> >>>>>> Hi Adam, >>>>>> >>>>>> I re-sent your welcome email to you, I'm glad we had the opportunity >>>>>> to correct your email and get this to you for the weekend. >>>>>> >>>>>> Thank you, looking forward to meeting you on Monday. >>>>>> >>>>>> *Kristy Sybilrud* >>>>>> Employment Manager, Human Resources >>>>>> Carleton College >>>>>> 1 N. College Street >>>>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>>>> Northfield MN 55057 / >>>>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>>>> >>>>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/+%3Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%3D1%2BN.%2BCollege%2BStreetNorthfield%2BMN%2B55057%2B/%25C2%25A0507%26entry%3Dgmail%26source%3Dg%3E%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>>>> 507-222-7629 <(507)%20222-7629> >>>>>> >>>>>> Opportunities with Carleton College >>>>>> <https://jobs.carleton.edu/postings/search?query=&query_posted_at=&539=&query_organizational_tier_3_id=any&query_position_type_id=1&commit=Search> >>>>>> >>>>>> ---------- Forwarded message ---------- >>>>>> From: Kristy Sybilrud <ksybilrud@carleton.edu> >>>>>> Date: Fri, Dec 15, 2017 at 5:06 PM >>>>>> Subject: Welcome to Carleton. >>>>>> To: adam.gebler@gmail.com >>>>>> Cc: "Leebaw, Danya" <dleebaw@carleton.edu>, "Schaffner, Brad" < >>>>>> bschaffner@carleton.edu>, "LaCroix, Les" <llacroix@carleton.edu> >>>>>> >>>>>> >>>>>> Dear Adam, >>>>>> >>>>>> Congratulations on your position as temporary Library Reference >>>>>> Assistant at Carleton College. Your start date is December 18, 2017. >>>>>> Attached is a copy of your letter of employment, please contact myself or >>>>>> Danya Leebaw if you have questions re: the terms of your employment as >>>>>> stated in your letter. I will mail a hard >>>>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/+%3Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%3D1%2BN.%2BCollege%2BStreetNorthfield%2BMN%2B55057%2B/%25C2%25A0507%26entry%3Dgmail%26source%3Dg%3E%C2%A0+%3Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%3D1%2BN.%2BCollege%2BStreetNorthfield%2BMN%2B55057%2B/%2B%253Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%253D1%252BN.%252BCollege%252BStreetNorthfield%252BMN%252B55057%252B/%2525C2%2525A0507%2526entry%253Dgmail%2526source%253Dg%253E%25C2%25A0507%26entry%3Dgmail%26source%3Dg%3E507&entry=gmail&source=g>copy >>>>>> to the address on the letter. >>>>>> >>>>>> >>>>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/+%3Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%3D1%2BN.%2BCollege%2BStreetNorthfield%2BMN%2B55057%2B/%25C2%25A0507%26entry%3Dgmail%26source%3Dg%3E%C2%A0+%3Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%3D1%2BN.%2BCollege%2BStreetNorthfield%2BMN%2B55057%2B/%2B%253Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%253D1%252BN.%252BCollege%252BStreetNorthfield%252BMN%252B55057%252B/%2525C2%2525A0507%2526entry%253Dgmail%2526source%253Dg%253E%25C2%25A0507%26entry%3Dgmail%26source%3Dg%3E507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>>>> >>>>>> Please confirm by responding to this email that you received a second >>>>>> email from our background check vendor, Orange Tree. In that email there >>>>>> should be link to the site and instructions how to submit your background >>>>>> check online. Please be sure to submit your background check information as >>>>>> soon as possible. These checks take generally 5-7 business day to process. >>>>>> >>>>>> >>>>>> Before your start date, please access the New Employee Link at >>>>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/+%3Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%3D1%2BN.%2BCollege%2BStreetNorthfield%2BMN%2B55057%2B/%25C2%25A0507%26entry%3Dgmail%26source%3Dg%3E%C2%A0+%3Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%3D1%2BN.%2BCollege%2BStreetNorthfield%2BMN%2B55057%2B/%2B%253Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%253D1%252BN.%252BCollege%252BStreetNorthfield%252BMN%252B55057%252B/%2525C2%2525A0507%2526entry%253Dgmail%2526source%253Dg%253E%25C2%25A0507%26entry%3Dgmail%26source%3Dg%3E507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>>>> http://bit.ly/carletonhr. Please fill out and print the forms >>>>>> <https://apps.carleton.edu/campus/human_resources/welcome_new_employees/paperwork/>, >>>>>> and bring them to our office on your first day. If you are unable to open >>>>>> or print these forms we can do this for you when you visit our office. At >>>>>> the New Employee Link, you will also find resources to help you transition >>>>>> to your new job at Carleton College. >>>>>> >>>>>> >>>>>> ​W >>>>>> hen completing the Federal I-9 form, you only need to print pages >>>>>> ​1​ >>>>>>  and >>>>>> ​2​ >>>>>> . *Also note*, you will need to present your original documents to >>>>>> verify your eligibility work in the United States within  your first three >>>>>> days of employment. The documents you can choose to present are listed on >>>>>> page >>>>>> ​3​ >>>>>>  of this form. *Be sure to notice* that  you can choose to bring one >>>>>> document from List A *OR *one document each from list *B and C*. >>>>>> >>>>>> On behalf of Danya Leebaw, the Carleton Library staff and Carleton >>>>>> College, I welcome you to the College. >>>>>> >>>>>> >>>>>> >>>>>> *Kristy Sybilrud* >>>>>> Employment Manager, Human Resources >>>>>> Carleton College >>>>>> 1 N. College Street >>>>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>>>> Northfield MN 55057 / >>>>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>>>> >>>>>> <https://maps.google.com/?q=1+N.+College+StreetNorthfield+MN+55057+/+%3Chttps://maps.google.com/?q%3D1%2BN.%2BCollege%2BStreetNorthfield%2BMN%2B55057%2B/%25C2%25A0507%26entry%3Dgmail%26source%3Dg%3E%C2%A0507&entry=gmail&source=g> >>>>>> 507-222-7629 <(507)%20222-7629> >>>>>> >>>>>> Opportunities with Carleton College >>>>>> <https://jobs.carleton.edu/postings/search?query=&query_posted_at=&539=&query_organizational_tier_3_id=any&query_position_type_id=1&commit=Search> >>>>>> >>>>>> <Gebler, Adam - temp Library Research Asst eff 12-18-17.pdf> >>>>>> >>>>>> >>>>> >>>> >>> >> >
I need to create a new employee identity for [b]Kelsey Deshler, Chief Investment Officer[/b].  Ideally this could happen on [b]Friday, March 9th[/b]. Kelsey will be visiting campus on March 13th and will plan to log into her laptop and begin the orientation process.  Her official start date is March 21.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks, Stephanie   Stephanie Huston Assistant to the President and Liaison to the Board of Trustees Carleton College One North College Street Northfield, MN 55057 507-222-4334 shuston@carleton.edu
Ben is dining services staff, and needs to be able to log in to Carleton computers.
Erin Schafer is the new baker.  She will need to be set up with an email account.  We sent her new hire paperwork to HR on Friday, so they will get them today or tomorrow.   Can you assist?   --   *Katie McKenna | General Manager, Carleton College | Bon Appétit*  One North College Street |Northfield, MN 55057  Office 507-222-4066| Fax 507-222-4140|  *Bon Appétit - Food Services For a Sustainable Future*  Visit us on the web www.bamco.com | www.cafebonappetit.com | www.eatlowcarbon.org  P Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail.
I think this has been resolved.  Thanks for your assistance!  --   *Katie McKenna | General Manager, Carleton College | Bon Appétit*  One North College Street |Northfield, MN 55057  Office 507-222-4066| Fax 507-222-4140|  *Bon Appétit - Food Services For a Sustainable Future*  Visit us on the web www.bamco.com | www.cafebonappetit.com | www.eatlowcarbon.org  P Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail. Katie,  This is an automated email preface to let you know that we are now awaiting additional information from you in order to continue working on this issue.  Please review the notes below, and respond to this message with the requested information.  You will receive two reminders.  If no response is received, the ticket will automatically close, but you can always respond or call the helpdesk to re-open a ticket at your convenience.  If you have any questions, please call the helpdesk at 507-222-5999 (x5999) and reference your ticket, number 89013.  Thank you! - ITS Helpdesk Phone: 507-222-5999 (x5999 from a campus phone) Email: helpdesk@carleton.edu Locations: 1st floor CMC, 4th floor Libe Reference Room  *Notes* *Add Note <webhelpdesk@carleton.edu?subject=Ticket%3a89013%20Action%3aUpdate&body=REPLACE%20THIS%20TEXT%20WITH%20YOUR%20NOTE%20FOR%20TICKET%2089013.%20Do%20not%20include%20your%20signature.>* *Date* *Name* *Note Text* 3/20/18 4:56 pm LaCroix, Les Katie,  Thank you for your patience.  I was just sending Ben his account activation instructions, and noticed that HR does not have an external email address for Ben on file.  Could you send that, please?  Thank you.  -Les 3/15/18 2:32 pm McKenna, Katie Sorry for the confusion - he could be set up just like Tanya Redlinger, who is another Baker.  *Katie McKenna | General Manager, Carleton College | Bon Appétit*  One North College Street |Northfield, MN 55057 Office 507-222-4066| Fax 507-222-4140|  *Bon Appétit - Food Services For a Sustainable Future* Visit us on the web www.bamco.com | www.cafebonappetit.com | www.eatlowcarbon.org P Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail. ------------------------------ *From:* webhelpdesk@carleton.edu <webhelpdesk@carleton.edu> *Sent:* Thursday, March 15, 2018 10:28 AM *To:* Katie McKenna *Subject:* [Ext] REMINDER: Ticket 89013 Awaiting Client --> Account needed for Ben Gerholdt: Ben is dining ...  This sender failed our fraud detection checks and may not be who they appear to be. Learn about spoofing <http://aka.ms/LearnAboutSpoofing> Feedback <http://aka.ms/SafetyTipsFeedback> TlCKET 89013 Katie,  This is an automated email preface to let you know that we are now awaiting additional information from you in order to continue working on this issue.  Please review the notes below, and respond to this message with the requested information.  You will receive two reminders.  If no response is received, the ticket will automatically close, but you can always respond or call the helpdesk to re-open a ticket at your convenience.  If you have any questions, please call the helpdesk at 507-222-5999 (x5999) and reference your ticket, number 89013.  Thank you! - ITS Helpdesk Phone: 507-222-5999 (x5999 from a campus phone) Email: helpdesk@carleton.edu Locations: 1st floor CMC, 4th floor Libe Reference Room  *Notes* *Add Note* <webhelpdesk@carleton.edu?subject=Ticket%3a89013%20Action %3aUpdate&body=REPLACE%20THIS%20TEXT%20WITH%20YOUR%20NOTE %20FOR%20TICKET%2089013.%20Do%20not%20include%20your %20signature.> *Date* *Name* *Note Text* 3/12/18 6:56 pm LaCroix, Les Katie,  Sorry, I wasn't clear.  Should I be getting him set up like we set up Kyle?  In this ticket you just requested a log in to Carleton computers.  I am trying to figure out which service portfolio to put him in.  Also, I will need an external email address for Ben in order to send him his activation instructions.  Thanks, Les 3/12/18 6:54 pm LaCroix, Les ---------- Forwarded message ---------- From: Mckenna, Kathleen <Kathleen.McKenna@cafebonappetit.com> Date: Mon, Mar 12, 2018 at 9:35 AM Subject: Fw: [Ext] Ticket 89013: Account needed for Ben Gerholdt To: "llacroix@carleton.edu" <llacroix@carleton.edu>   No this is a different request  - 3/9/18 1:37 pm LaCroix, Les Katie,  Is this the same request as the request for Kyle a little over a week ago (and the subsequent problems with loss of Dropbox access)?  Or is it intended to be a much more limited scope of access?  -Les *Ticket Info* *Ticket No.* 89013 <https://helpdesk.carleton.edu/helpdesk/WebObjects /Helpdesk.woa/wa/TicketActions/view?ticket=89013> *Report Date* 3/9/18 12:34 pm *Reporter* Freudenberg, Travis <tfreudenberg@carleton.edu> *Location* Carleton *Room* SEVY*G41A *Department* DINE *Tech* LaCroix, Les <llacroix@carleton.edu> *Status* Awaiting Client *Request Type* Account > Setup > Administrative Staff *Subject* Account needed for Ben Gerholdt *Request Detail* Ben is dining services staff, and needs to be able to log in to Carleton computers. *Account Types Requested* Carleton NetID   --   *Katie McKenna | General Manager, Carleton College | Bon Appétit*  One North College Street |Northfield, MN 55057  Office 507-222-4066| Fax 507-222-4140|  *Bon Appétit - Food Services For a Sustainable Future*  Visit us on the web www.bamco.com | www.cafebonappetit.com | www.eatlowcarbon.org  P Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail. 3/12/18 6:56 pm LaCroix, Les Katie,  Sorry, I wasn't clear.  Should I be getting him set up like we set up Kyle?  In this ticket you just requested a log in to Carleton computers.  I am trying to figure out which service portfolio to put him in.  Also, I will need an external email address for Ben in order to send him his activation instructions.  Thanks, Les 3/12/18 6:54 pm LaCroix, Les ​---------- Forwarded message ---------- From: Mckenna, Kathleen <Kathleen.McKenna@cafebonappetit.com> Date: Mon, Mar 12, 2018 at 9:35 AM Subject: Fw: [Ext] Ticket 89013: Account needed for Ben Gerholdt To: "llacroix@carleton.edu" <llacroix@carleton.edu>   No this is a different request  - 3/9/18 1:37 pm LaCroix, Les Katie,  Is this the same request as the request for Kyle a little over a week ago (and the subsequent problems with loss of Dropbox access)?  Or is it intended to be a much more limited scope of access?  -Les *Ticket Info* *Ticket No.* 89013 <https://helpdesk.carleton.edu/helpdesk/WebObjects/Helpdesk.woa/wa/TicketActions/view?ticket=89013> *Report Date* 3/9/18 12:34 pm *Reporter* Freudenberg, Travis <tfreudenberg@carleton.edu> *Location* Carleton *Room* SEVY*G41A *Department* DINE *Tech* LaCroix, Les <llacroix@carleton.edu> *Status* Awaiting Client *Request Type* Account > Setup > Administrative Staff *Subject* Account needed for Ben Gerholdt *Request Detail* Ben is dining services staff, and needs to be able to log in to Carleton computers. *Account Types Requested* Carleton NetID   --   *Katie McKenna | General Manager, Carleton College | Bon Appétit*  One North College Street |Northfield, MN 55057  Office 507-222-4066| Fax 507-222-4140|  *Bon Appétit - Food Services For a Sustainable Future*  Visit us on the web www.bamco.com | www.cafebonappetit.com | www.eatlowcarbon.org  P Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail.
Katie was calling on behalf of a new Bon Apetit employee John Olson. He specifically needed credentials to sign in to a machine.  I was able to find the account claiming code and sent Katie the relevant information (see tech note).
It will need access to the following directory: \\protected.ads.carleton.edu\protected\Departments\ITS\ITS-Only\SSIS-Projects\Tk20\Data
We have a new employee starting in SFS on Monday July 9th.  Her name is Becky Speikers and will be replacing Cindy Diessner.  Becky should have all the same permissions as Cindy.  So access to the financialaid@carleton.edu email account, Dropbox, Google drive, the protected drive, Onbase, Colleague, etc.    Thanks,    *Michael Kotchevar* Associate Director of Student Financial Services and Admissions  [image: Email Signature v5]    One North College Street    Northfield, MN  55057    (507) 222-4138 [attachment name=image001.jpg]
Hi,  We have a new custodian starting today.  He did not set up his Carleton email.  Is it possible for me to get the information so I can work with him and get it set up?  His name is Jonah Groenke.  Thank you.  --  Lynn Nichols Administrative Assistant Carleton College Custodial Services 507-222-5834 lnichols@carleton.edu
Since Les is out of the office until 1/2/19, can someone look into this and let me know if these folks have Carleton credentials yet? If they don't, is there someone who can get their credentials set up so they can begin reading files on Monday, Dec. 31st which is their first day of employment.  ---------- Forwarded message --------- From: Dan Taylor <dtaylor@carleton.edu> Date: Thu, Dec 27, 2018 at 12:15 PM Subject: Re: PT Readers To: Linda Mueller <lmueller@carleton.edu>   Linda,  I have received paperwork from everyone except Dylan Welch. I sent her an e-mail earlier this morning to make sure she received it. From an HR perspective, they are all setup to begin working. If they still don't have the required Carleton or Admissions access, yes, I would recommend reaching out to Les.  -Dan  On Thu, Dec 27, 2018 at 12:06 PM Linda Mueller <lmueller@carleton.edu> wrote:  > Hi Dan, > Just following up to see if you received all the paperwork for our PT > Readers: > Andrea Duron > Katie Clark > Holly Buttrey > Joshua Reason > Dylan Welch > Zeenath Khan > > I know Zeenath and Katie sent their paperwork in some time ago but I > haven't gotten any information on any of our readers. They are set to begin > reading on Monday so we really need to get their accounts set up.  Can you > tell me were we are in the process?  Do I need to follow up with Les? > > Linda > > -- > > *Linda Mueller* > > *Assistant to VP and Dean of Admissions           * > > > > *Scoville Hall100 South College St* > > *Northfield, MN 55057* > > *Phone: 507-222-4513 <507-222-4513>* > > *Fax: 507-222-4526 <507-222-4526>* > > >  --  Dan Taylor Human Resources Assistant Carleton College 507-222-6832   --   *Linda Mueller*  *Assistant to VP and Dean of Admissions           *    *Scoville Hall100 South College St*  *Northfield, MN 55057*  *Phone: 507-222-4513 <507-222-4513>*  *Fax: 507-222-4526 <507-222-4526>*
Lisa reported that two new hires, csmith3 and ealtermatt, can't see the SERC department's team folder in Dropbox. They just started today, so its entirely possible that the process just hasn't finished yet and they will be granted access tomorrow.
Hello,  I would like to request Carleton Credentials for Jeff Westad our new employee in the Commissary department.  His Bon Appetit email is: Jeff.Westad@cafebonappetit.com  --   *Katie McKenna | General Manager, Carleton College | Bon Appétit*  One North College Street |Northfield, MN 55057  Office 507-222-4066| Fax 507-222-4140|  *Bon Appétit - Food Services For a Sustainable Future*  Visit us on the web www.bamco.com | www.cafebonappetit.com | www.eatlowcarbon.org  P Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail.
Good Morning,  I was hoping someone could assist me with sending out a Carleton account setup email to a new employee starting Monday, June 10? The employees name is Paula Teiken (2020786).  It is my understanding that Les LaCroix is out of the office until Monday so I was hoping another individual could send the email and let me know if/when it is sent so I can contact the new employee and let them know.  Let me know if you need any more information.  Thanks,  --  Dan Taylor Human Resources Assistant Carleton College 507-222-6832
Hi Les,  I just added an SED code for Keaton Hall, 1997303.  Please let me know if you have any questions or concerns.  Best, Allie  --  Allie Lyman Academic Records Coordinator Office of the Registrar - Carleton College She/Her/Hers  One N College Street Northfield, MN 55057 507-222-4288
​---------- Forwarded message --------- From: Kendall George <kgeorge@carleton.edu> Date: Mon, Jun 17, 2019 at 10:16 AM Subject: Account for Kristofer Rye To: Les LaCroix <llacroix@carleton.edu>  HR says they are aiming to get Kris loaded into the system today, maybe by noon. In any case, you had asked if he wanted a specific user name. His name over at St. Olaf is 'rye2'. If that is available, he'll take it. As you said you'd take a stab at getting him in the right groups. That should work for starters. We can sort out any details as we discover them.  Thanks,  Kendall George
---------- Forwarded message --------- From: Sean Leahy <sean.michael.leahy@gmail.com> Date: Wed, Jun 26, 2019 at 6:18 AM Subject: Re: Carleton staff computing accounts To: Les LaCroix <llacroix@carleton.edu>   Dear Les,  I began the process of activating my computing accounts, but I’m not sure I have completed it. I thought I would check in to see if you are able to I see whether or not I have activated my account at this point.   The process timed out on me when I was trying to set up two-factor authentication. (Which may  have been because I’m trying to do this on my phone — I’m traveling at the moment and have limited opportunities to work from my laptop.)   Thank you! Sean
Wenie Lado is a new employee who started today and was going to get her OneCard, but she is not in the system. They could only find her St. Olaf records. 
*Jeanne Blair* Technology Purchasing Coordinator and Office Manager Office Phone: 507-222-4286 jblair@carleton.edu   ---------- Forwarded message --------- From: Paula Teiken <pteiken@carleton.edu> Date: Fri, Jul 12, 2019 at 11:36 AM Subject: Willis Directory To: <jblair@carleton.edu>   Hi Jeanne,  I am the new administrative assistant in the Political Science department.  It appears I am not listed in the Willis directory.  A notice of fire alarm testing was sent out today and my email address was not included.  Is this something that is handled by your office?  Please let me know.  Thanks,  Paula  --   Paula Teiken Administrative Assistant Political Science Department <https://www.carleton.edu/political-science/> Carleton College | One North College St | Northfield, MN 55057 Phone 507-222-4117
Matt called in to report that he was having an error (not specified) going through the account claiming process.  I said we would take a look at it and update him.  He is a 2002 grad, so maybe that has complicated his account setup.  He also requested that the email we contact him at be changed to matthew.j.stangl@gmail.com  He can also be reached at 773 627 3403
Set up a new email for campus services.   They are setting up new software for print services and if people are having trouble, wants them to be able to email a separate email address.   Different from the general print services email, so problems with it can be dealt with individually. 
Sue Newland was supposed to receive an email from Les Lacroix so that she could set up her account, but has not received the email yet, and would like to have it resent.
Carleton Credentials needed for 2 new Salaried managers for Bonappetit:  -  Annie Westall start date 4Oct2019 -  Eric Stathy start date 7Oct2019
There is a new employee (Samantha Tayer) starting December 9 in Disability Services. They are not yet in the Carleton Directory, and from what Travis can see, they have not been sent the activation email link for their Carleton account. 
Hello,  I am wondering if the instructions to set up a Carleton account have been sent to Joshua Wright.  He started with Carleton today, and needs to have the account to get a Onecard and keys.  Thanks!  Matt Bolks Human Resources Assistant Carleton College 507-222-7471
#end document